dropped an energy efficient nuke on the
Windows laptop Market with their
Snapdragon X Elite processors we
actually uploaded our review video of
them yesterday and we were really
impressed by a number of elements of
these new Chips including both their
battery life and especially their
battery life and also the performance
was pretty good as well but one of the
things we didn't talk about much was app
compatibility particularly in games and
while Qualcomm was very quick to send
out an
email pointing out that these are not in
fact gaming laptops they also had a
surprising amount of marketing
collateral on their site in their launch
announcement in our briefings in our
materials talking about compatibility
with games in fact uh what games did
they have running in their booth at
computex Boulders Gate 3 for sure and I
think there was something else as well
there was other stuff the point is they
definitely have been showing off that
they're capable of running that is as
long as they don't have colel level
anti-che or require special drivers or
whatever the case may be ABX to now we
weren't able to dive into just the the
full breadth of game compatibility for
our review because realistically we were
trying to paint more of a realistic
picture of how we expected these devices
to be used but we know you guys are
Gamers we know you want to know what
games they work with and so for your
viewing pleasure today we are going to
be going head-to-head we have in Alex's
hands the Sam Samsung Galaxy book for
Edge and my understanding is this is the
fastest the fastest X Elite chip
available right yeah okay so it has a
what two core uh turbo speeds of up to
like 4 two 4.2 GHz then in my hands I
have an Asus Vivo book S15 and this is
running a core Ultra 7
155h so this would be a fairly price
comparable Intel laptop now Our
intention was actually to run an AMD
based machine in fact one of them is
sitting right in front of me right now
it's a flow x13 and we were going to
disable the dedicated GPU but we ran
into countless issues with capture with
active signal resolution not matching
the regular resolution and I we ended up
with pillar boxes and letter boxes do
you have that clip on your phone of what
was going on with the framework 13 it
was painful so instead what we're going
to do is we're just going to use Intel
and this isn't going to be about
performance
necessarily yeah this is just going to
be about compatibility and the best part
is you guys are going to be running the
show if you're not familiar with our
streams we use merch messages to
interact with the stream all you got to
do is go to LTT store.com we've got a
lot of great products they including our
recently launched GPU crash Tower block
game it's not Jenga you can tell because
every piece has a lasered GPU on it on
all six sides which is super freaking
cool check this out you'll even
recognize some of the gpus that we have
on the site totally in a in a
non-infringing way um so you can check
that out as well as any of the other
products we've got in the cart you will
see a spot to leave a merch message and
it'll go to producer Dan who will
forward it to us uh who will send it to
Tanner to pre-load a game uh who will
respond to you and it can kind of pop up
at the bottom of the frame whatever you
like so why don't we kick things off
with Alex do you want to pick our first
game I want to segue to our sponsor the
ridge oh that's right the ridge uh they
are showing off a couple of new
colorways here today so we've got bloody
hell what was the voodoo green Voodoo
green that's right okay let's open these
up Voodoo green and tropical all right
so you're going to be the tropical guy
and I'm going to be the voodo green guy
they've got their here we go we've got
their classic wallet with their strong
elastic band between two solid plates
allowing you to store all of your cards
get quick access to your cards easily
put them away wow that one's fun it's
really cool that's super fun this is
just like a bit of green accent that
one's really fun you have a really green
one if you want to look at that okay
yeah I've got oh okay that's definitely
a little bit more green they've also got
their key holder here you go that's
that's the voodoo green that I'd go for
not the Tastefully accented Carbon Fiber
One I'm more of a I'm more of a
flamboyant get the color out there kind
of
guy H what else we got oh yeah there you
go got their key holder and without
further Ado Alex do you want to pick our
first game I want to play Elden ring
really we're going straight to Hard Mode
yep all right let's get
our unboxing we'll get it all kind of
laid out here the whole stream today is
brought to by Ridge thanks Chase he's
got this Elven ring it
is man I
am pretty
excited so
one of the things now we've got frame
view running on here obviously does
frame view work frame view works just
fine wow I'm actually kind of surprised
also it's worth noting that we're
running the latest beta drivers from
Qualcomm they improve both performance
and compatibility supposedly so we might
run into some beta but this should also
oh no wait did we fail already first
one tragic did you know that was going
to
uh meanwhile on my
PC I mean she's a little she's a little
slow but she's launching she's launching
now one thing seamless Co-op does remove
easy antiche and seamless Co-op is kind
of the best way to play this game so
that might work I think modding games is
beyond the
scope of our little Adventure here but
seamless co-op in Elden ring is kind of
just like a requirement okay you can you
can try it if you want however it should
be noted that generally speaking our
methodology today is not going to
account for registry tweaks or or driver
hacks or anything like that if it work
if it work if it don't work it don't
work we're just going to launch the game
wow Elden ring finally launched for me
it's not running
great but it is running
I must be logged in download files dang
it oh boy I do have a
login I don't know Alex next game I
think we're going on to the next game
here big F for qualcom right out of the
gate yeah that's oh that's pretty rough
okay Dan do you have any requests via
merch message we're on chewy today oh
it's chewy all right chewy is gonna be
handling our merch messages thanks
chewy all right someone wants to see
Starcraft 1 or Age of Empires 2
Age of Empires 2 Definitive Edition we
have
installed let's do it yeah Okay Age of
Empires two Definitive Edition do you
want two or three no they asked for two
two all right Age of Empires two
boom here we go Dan do you have our
screen cap up y okay let's see how we do
here are they are they coded in some way
so they can see which one is which yeah
so the one that Alex is using is above
him and then your one is above you are
you kidding me oh no no you can continue
you can wait so this is a weird thing
these the GPU and the qualcom at times
shows up as having no vram okay Alex
here's a weird thing the GPU in my Intel
Arc system apparently shows up as not
having the right amount of
vram all right well we'll both just
we'll hope for the
best hey that's promising yeah this scen
is
beautiful that one's not bad this is
beautiful Samsung killed it it's almost
like Samsung knows a thing or two about
screens yeah all right you can click
remember older game you can actually
skip
stuff okay now the question is are we
going to play
multiplayer have you ever played Age of
Empires 2 no I think I should be
clicking learn to play but n we're just
going multiplayer let's go for it okay
I've done this before I'm going to host
a game I'm going to host a game uh okay
Lobby type unranked players two here we
go visibility yeah I'm just going to
make it public and then you'll just have
to like find it really fast well but
then everyone on the stream is probably
also going to try and do that oh yeah
that makes sense do do you want to make
it yeah private maybe okay I'll make it
private and the password will be that
all right did everyone just see it no
okay good cool all right I created a
Lobby find custom game all right we got
this what what was it called uh Linus
Tech tip secondary
this is working flawlessly so far though
I think you might just have to type it
in I'm I'm sorry I should have really
renamed this to something not horrible
uh oh game ID game
ID uh you have enough Tad three two
don't say the whole thing out
loud the password is not short Linus you
guys hey should we have a running tally
how hard would it be to do a running
tally of successes versus failures for
our Snapdragon X Elite chips so far we
appear to be one for
two
uh I am going to change the name all
right yep I'm I'm so sorry this is this
is painful this is this is just going to
be part of the process today though
folks okay create Lobby one versus what
sorry one uh it's it's one for two so
far well as long as Age of Empires
actually ends up working Snap Dragon
versus
in uh just Snapdragon out of games we've
tried on Snapdragon oh okay got sorry
it's one out of two
yes oh wait I'll just make it public but
I'll just have a password yeah that's
easy okay cool create Lobby so it should
just be called that yes did it
work
huh okay well you guys will have to let
me know in the chat cuz I'm sure at
least hey you found it
nice we got
this oh did they see that okay well it's
too late now ha okay civilization man
what should I pick you
guys I'm going to be the Koreans they
always win at video games here we
go
uh what what am I doing you know what no
I'm going to be the Huns I like their
horsey
uh you got this Alex
uh be on team
one oh the same
team yeah there you go okay Alex it
doesn't matter doesn't matter are you
sure yeah I'm pretty sure going to be
the Vikings okay all right select team
two are the Vikings meta
compliant I
don't uh I'm ready close G okay here we
go let's find out if it actually runs
outside of the menu also whoa your FPS
brother um you be emulated oh wait hold
on hold on she's picking up she's
picking up all right 77 91 okay I got uh
how many villagers how do I use this I
doing some
villagers I have never played AOE 2 I
have played one I assume I'm supposed to
to harvest whatever the crap this is and
probably
this okay I'm harvesting a thing now I
think yeah you are nice dude cut down
this tree okay I'm going to assume cut
down the tree oh God no that's not wait
am I able to oh yeah there we go there
we go what can I do with my llamas you
have llamas I have llamas oh dude I have
llamas you K them or you send them out
as Scouts oh no way how about both all
right Mr llama you are going how do I
zoom out oh I don't you're going over
here sick I'm going to murder this llama
I totally did he's got like a Shepherd
staff and everything and then he's just
like boom
dead Alex you're going to get wrecked
sorry brother I sure hope that I do this
looks like a game where you kind of need
to know what's happening oh I don't know
what's happening I've never played this
game
oh yeah so if you if you lose there will
be there will be no excuse sir have you
played
any Age of Empires game before what I
actually have I actually have played an
age of Empire that's that's a huge
Advantage right there that will that
will be a significant Advantage but I
haven't touched Age of Empires since the
computer I was running it on was period
appropriate
ah so it's been a
minute I'm gonna found gonna need more
of this you found gold yeah I a bunch of
it actually how's it running how's your
frame rate uh I'm looking at
7077 FPS sometimes it gets up into like
80s to
90s I would expect quite a lot better uh
I am easily pinned at my refresh rate
and I think I probably have vsync
enabled because I suspect that's the
default I'm just going to have a quick
look here show Advanced options here we
go oh no vsync is not on uh it may be
frame rate capped in some other way
though okay do I have any Idol villagers
is there a button to to see that oh yeah
no there is a button uh I don't make
another one how big is this map uh not
very big I don't
think I able to see the thing I found a
relic hey hey did you you guys looking
at him right now you're screen peeking
who screen peeks like that I'm sitting
right next to you here
brother well I want something to happen
well stuff's happening I'm exploring I'm
exploring I'm exporing to I'm going to
find you I'm going to find all your
stuff not if I find you first not if I
find you first Dan wants us to wrap it
up what
Dan we're having fun no fun allow no
we're gaming we're Gamers yeah go for it
yeah
exactly what are we thinking for the
next game oh yeah Dan do you want to
check some merch messages and see if
people have something that they want to
recommend for us all chewy today sure we
we already have 20 requests 20 requests
for games good Lord we are going to have
to get through these a little faster uh
the next I blame Dan for not stopping
us the next one I doing
here someone suggesting Deep Rock
Galactic oh that's a good game super
cool game rock and stone rock and stone
I really need to go and play that again
I played it when it first came out and
enjoyed it and have not touched it since
me too
oh man I um I may have wasted all of my
food on making villagers and my
villagers don't seem to be really paying
off to the extent that I need them to
pay off here ah I didn't even realize
that I could like build guys yeah that's
how they get
you how do I how do I build a person uh
oh at the Town Center oh I see one of
your guys I think uh I don't know what
you're talking about is he going to come
and try and take all my gold or
something I don't know what you're
talking about why would I take your gold
when I can take your
llamas okay don't be at that that's just
awful killing my dude he was you took my
llamas no those are my llamas well
they're my llamas
now bet you didn't think of
that can how do I build stuff where did
my guy with the horse go oh he's way up
here got him dude come back here no no
no you don't you don't even need him you
don't even need him he's a he's a he's a
chump see oh man it's all like llama
found it's not your llama once it's been
found oh dude you can totally like take
possession of animals and then just
command them to go places well that's
super handy that's exactly like real
life all right I think what we
discovered is that it runs yeah it runs
fine yeah this is is not running as well
as Intel but at the same time but it
runs all right all right we're going to
call that we're going to call that a
victory for me uh can you start logging
those as well Dan uh who who actually
wins the games what are you saying what
what are you saying no that's hacks I am
victorious no that's
hacks what for
Alex wow Viking Victory when a game
playing as the Vikings got the
achievement
biased judges here all right what's next
Deep Rock
Galactic is not installed dang
it give me a minute here that's fine
give us give us another one in the
meantime yeah yeah uh Tanner can start
to queue up some of the some of the ones
that uh he cues up on the other drives
that we've got uh someone wants to see
factorio
factorio that we've
got yep all right split screen Dan
y here we go oh yeah I can see the
preview right there oh we should start
launching at the same time so that we
can see what loading times are like
somebody else asked for power usage as
well you want power usage you're not
getting that I don't think the tools for
monitoring on Snapdragon X are um
working yet yeah if you've noticed in
the CPU section here it says it's at 0
degrees that ain't right yeah I can
guarantee you the CPU is not at 0
degrees
now I have never played factorial yeah I
have no clue how this works um
multiplayer so yeah host new game sure
I'm going to browse public Games host a
creative PVP I guess yeah do it wave
defense
actually server name oh man
username okay
are now authenticated all right let's
go oh crap I just joined someone's
game uh
well that is not what I meant to I have
no idea what's going on you died I died
already what just
happened open the server browser here we
go wait oh No Escape Escape quick game
yes there we go okay cool okay okay so
the server name is ye okay with uh four
e
nice
nice QR s t
UV uh nopey try again all right I got
you hey there we go join
game okay it's me versus Alex
factorio I assume it's the same password
no oh it's the other password that you
can guess it is okay got it yeah
nice okay what's your frame rate 60 same
as mine y curiously we are locked at 60
that's how factorial works oh that's how
Factor oh my God are the physics tied to
frame rate no everything UPS is tied to
frame rate but in a really complicated
way okay so it has to run at 60 FPS so
that basically means if you don't run at
60 FPS you're in like big trouble then
yes okay cool it has to run at 60 FPS
must run at 60 FPS average okay well hey
you are so that's good start round I I
mean I guess I don't even know what's
going on right now I have no
clue uh okay uh whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoa what just happened
that's me oh oh it's w oh oh it's WD
okay so can I like attack
or robot I'm going to put my
construction
robot uh here oh yeah oh yeah I got a
construction robot I think
okay I picked it back
up uh I found more construction robot
wait oh no they're all
here this cannot be mined okay I'm going
to mine oh yeah I can mine what the heck
okay hey I got iron or do you have any
iron ore boom I guess I'm winning
then yeah we're on the same team oh a
Cooperative game oh it's a Cooperative
game well then we're both winning yay
fantastic I mean do we need see much
more than this this seems to be running
fine plus 20 stone
awesome uh and yeah I I can't say for
sure that once we had an enormous you
know sprawling base and a bunch of
automations and stuff that it would
continue to run fine but it I think it's
going to run fine on a basic level seem
to work okay what's next hit me Chewy if
you also have like merch messages to
throw at us while we're playing games
just like regular ones that's good all
games yeah um someone wants to see a
switch emulator sue
you uh okay uh that sounds like too much
work can they ask for something that's
on Steam yeah yeah anything on Steam is
going to be a lot easier for us we have
about 300 games pre-loaded from Tanner
and he's ready to download more so I
don't think you could show we may on an
exception basis show occasional things
that are not Steam games I see a lot of
people asking for doom doom abs
absolutely which
one yeah I guess do you want Doom or
Doom Eternal well we should start with
doom all right all right let's do
it okay screen's up
Dan shoot I forgot I wanted to start
launching at the same time uh if you
guys have any other like regular merge
messages you can also send those in to
chewy
so that we're not just sitting here
awkwardly
yeah or we we can do stuff we're not
that awkward yeah I'll open up a Red
Bull nice you'll have a drink nice and
then everyone with misophonia can get
really
mad there I fixed it there we
go okay I believe this is a game that
didn't really work before Oh really and
now with the new driver update
does did wait they specifically called
out
Doom uh they specifically called out
Doom Eternal oh okay this is not Doom
Eternal it's also like pretty similar in
a lot of ways oh wait what is this it's
Doom I thought this was like OG Doom no
this is 2016 Doom people are probably
asking for OG Doom but also we can just
I just I I never played this I thought
this was just like uh uh like what what
did it show up as oh no it just showed
up as Doom okay well at any rate fine
sure do you we want to just fire up the
campaign yeah okay arcade
mode we'll play the UAC yeah all right
what do you got 34 FPS we're only in the
menu though well that says 35 this says
60 so I don't know what to trust oh
interesting that's yeah that's weird
yeah yours wow is like kind of messed
up uh I am going to turn on my in-game
performance monitoring too and see if
maybe there's a disparity there as well
oh they're mostly agreeing now okay then
I am not going to worry about it oh this
is that's
um that's not the kind of frames that
you need to play this game oh we should
make sure our settings are the same too
yeah okay let's have a quick look here
all right 1080p SMA okay vsync off ter
can we start there yeah okay vsync off
uh what do you want smaa uh I think I'm
just going to turn anti-aliasing off
really oh come on you need at least FXAA
just fast fast antialiasing okay motion
blur off y okay and then switch to
Advanced yeah blah blah blah blah blah
oh my God Advanced overall
quality uh medium sure okay I think
that's pretty that's pretty reasonable
yeah okay
resum I I have 40 FPS okay oh boy how
are you doing I am doing better than you
performance uh I got them the int ones
you want you want the Doom built-in ones
that's yeah I've got anywhere from
around 60
mid to here let's pop down here I think
supposed to hit this uh this thing right
I forget oh wait I was doing something
I'm seeing at most like
40 I forgot about this game Alex I
completely forgot this game was a thing
what how I just did do maternal has been
a thing for so long that I just I don't
know I just I just forgot about this
game this is so bizarre
uh anyway what are your frame
rates uh
40s yeah that's pretty rough not going
to
lie okay but what watch this watch this
I'm going to I think I can make this
perfectly playable okay it'll be a
little bit lower than what you've got I
mean dude you're getting like half the
frame rate of what I'm
getting yeah but we're grading this on a
does it work ooh no
I mean there's work and then there's
work and to me look H they don't have to
win but I expect them to be kind of
comparable especially when you factor in
that Intel is not even the performance
leader in this space
right so if you're not at least close to
Intel for those of you tuning in now
we're doing Qualcomm Snapdragon ex what
the heck versus Intel Arc Alchemist and
the reason that we're not using AMD
is that we ran into some capture issues
on the on the AMD laptop outputs uh that
is not a capture issue what's going on
with Alex's right now that is the game
yeah that's a being super weird
issue okay Alex on the point I was
trying to get to real quick there is
that we're not really focused on
performance but we still do want to see
a reasonable showing in terms of
performance so yes launching the game is
a lot better than not launching the game
but we want to see it run with a
reasonable degree of quality for us to
really call it you know very compatible
I'm having issues oh my goodness what is
happening right now press space to yeah
well I died for one okay Alt Enter I
mean is it just the Classic no no okay I
mean performance is still what it was
before around 40 FPS yeah and that's at
720P
oh that's unfortunate cuz I'm at 1080
and I'm getting Not Butter smooth but
very playable frame rates should we
switch over to Doom Eternal sure cuz
yeah this is
um yeah it didn't scale at
all with the settings I got 45 FPS 1080p
medium to low 720 I'm going to say this
I'm going to call that a pass but the
next time one's borderline I'm calling
it a
fail sure does that seem kind of fair
because really what I'm interested in is
the compatibility layer yeah it's the
it's the arm to x86 64 emulation that
I'm mostly focused on here something
like oh yeah it's not full screening
properly that they can fix in drivers as
they continue to refine things I mean we
gave Intel a lot of time to get their
their Arc drivers in line and they still
aren't they still aren't so qualcomm's
got a fair bit of Runway before I'm
going to start saying like hey you guys
need to get this together in terms of
game compatibility but it worked yeah
the compatibility layer
worked but the next time we see Behavior
like that mm chewy what's up um someone
wants to see Destiny 2 because their
antiche can be a little finicky all
right why don't we do Destiny 2 next
have a look at that right after do
maternal here I'm having fun so far yeah
they want to see the screens more Dan
whenever you can show screens I'd say
just default to having having the
screens yeah mine's doing a lot right
now oh wow your screen's super exciting
yeah wow yeah uh giving you as much
screen as possible okay let's give it
the old alt tab by the way people are
getting triggered by you not having full
screen steam what just maximize them
okay or do nothing or do it you know
what just Burger King it okay people are
saying run Vulcan Vulcan and Qualcomm
right now not the biggest of friends
yeah guys that is not a good that will
not go well okay I say I say we give a
game maximum one relaunch for our
experiment here and remember guys this
is not meant to be scientific this is
not meant to be that we turn every dial
and and tweak every knob and push every
button to try to get things to work this
is can I just game and Qualcomm and
Microsoft have been very upfront that
these are not gaming machines and you
know they don't expect it to be a
perfect gaming experience
but no go ahead can someone in the chat
put in what the launch option is to
force direct decks in Doom
Eternal yeah appreciate you guys but
there was enough gaming messaging
featured in their marketing that we feel
this is a valid thing for us to test and
if we get through enough games and you
guys get bored we'd also be open to you
guys throwing us some other app
applications that maybe we could try
out uh oh is my float plane chat not
working I don't think my float plane
chat's working I'm going to fix that
there we go okay I'm just going to try
again no we have not tried cyber Punk
yet thank you for asking that'll be a
matter of time don't worry guys we're
we're on it we're on it uh chewy do you
have any merch messages for us sure
someone is asking if we'll ever make a
square bit
set like all Robertson
probably not heck yeah do it given how
many people complain about them being
included at all I don't think it'll be
happening soon what would a square bit
set even be aren't there only like three
that you need yes it's mostly just one
at some point in the in the distant
future we would love to be able to offer
like individual bits like make your own
pack but right now we're we're not there
yet hm I got further this time uh yes
um well good job and before you ask yes
these are the beta drivers that are
supposed to fix this so I have tested
Doom Eternal in my testing of these
laptops one time it worked oh oh you're
teleporting sorry continue story time
please one time it worked but when
enemies would get close to you they
would stop being enemies and turn into
big fuzzy balls and it was actually
really funny really
it was also completely unplayable do you
have any screen cap of that I don't know
oh that's a shame that sounds really
funny I wanted to see if I could change
stuff and then when I changed some
things it just never opened again oh all
right I think we're going to call this a
fail Dan okay all right sorry do
maternal you're done you're done
Bud
uh right here we go this is the problem
that I was having before Oh failed to
allocate video memory total allocated
that tried to allocate a bunch
actually that's not even that much yeah
no that's that seems right but this is
the problem that I was talking about
where sometimes the GPU of this shows up
as having zero video memory and it just
causes games not to work at all yeah
okay Destiny 2
sure Destiny 2 uhoh okay guys battle eye
battle eye is not going to work are you
sure I am not sure but I am pretty sure
easy anti-che definitely
not but maybe batt a
eye maybe battle eye what what is it
that the kids say
bet it has successfully installed
launching game okay cap they say that
too I installed way faster than you I
failed to start battle eye service
wrecked okay for context I'm on the in
machine okay what just
happened are you kidding me right
now uh but it's I'm not seeing a whole
lot happening yeah I I called it I said
cap that means
lie it does yeah if someone says
something and you're like see Oliver's
nodding he knows oh if someone says
something you're like cap it means lie
so that's why if you say no cap that
means it is true correct okay makes
sense I mean why they couldn't just say
lie and no
Li I in in French do they say
Chapo maybe
cascad you going to
say um this okay it it stopped working
let's try again I'm also not having a
lot of luck launching
this we need to have an Intel fail
counter as well uh yeah we might need
ohy hey hey hey hey hey hey
allow
okay nice nice see it almost crashed but
instead it was bungee jumping so it
didn't CR didn't hit the ground
sure uh why do I have why do I have two
oh oh enter your birthday I mean sure
yeah I'm I care a lot about this so
perfect oh my God I have to hold it okay
uh
not
now says it's running oh
yeah hey I heard a really funny joke
recently after the uh the US
presidential debate o is your
refrigerator
running yes good then I'm going to vote
for
it do you know what's not running though
Destiny 2 Destiny 2 on
qualcom that is not surprising do you
want me to give it one more go cuz you
still aren't even like open at all no no
we said we said you get one relaunch
that's it that's two is a fail dude what
are we at right now we're at four out of
six why is it lus wins chewy what people
want maybe change that to Intel Intel no
you wanted a game win counter no no we
don't need that that's confusing it's
yeah no I'm just by default I'm joking I
was
joking um I think dark Rock Galactic
could be ready okay uh okay this is
going to be our first drive swap oh boy
wish us luck guys all right safe eject
hold on I just need to sign out of um I
need to sign out of friends so that
people don't keep adding me uh okay uh
mine's not running great by the way if
you have my screen
up you can see yeah it's really nothing
nothing special in terms of visual
quality but it's it's running wow that's
hot I actually don't know how to very
very hot how hot is that you know what
forget it it it launched the game
definitely
launched um all
right temperature sensor unavailable
contact Google what is this crap this is
the only reason that you buy a pixel 8
Pro goe contact Google what a bunch of
jerks Ste she's speaking of arm
processors that don't work
no I'm sorry Qualcomm actually makes
like good stuff on mobile I would much
prefer my phone if it had one of those
oh yeah sorry tan that's really hot that
is it's warm she's toasty boys I'm
actually going to just leave this over
here with you because I'm not going to
load games up onto these two drives oh
sure
okay all right here we
go theoretically Tanner will be able to
just drop new games on these drives and
get us equipped with them
rapidly Deep Rock Galactic it's
installed
wow oo directex 11 or 12 I guess it
doesn't really matter on this I'm going
for 12 yeah theoretically it shouldn't
matter okay I'm going dx12 as well
actually I should have done dx11 cuz
then yours would look
worse mine would look worse does this
game look better on
dx11 no just Intel Arc can't handle dx11
oh okay that's
fair how you doing over there looks like
it's doing good oh that looks promising
actually
yeah I have a black screen but that's
like way further than we got in
Destiny
nice okay they both look kind of butt
right now in terms of frame rate I'm
getting four FPS in one in the uh
opening cinematic
here oh I loaded
faster not barely Intel for the win
here okay man freaking modern games man
like what on here is actually play the
game this tiny little button in the
bottom
right I get it you know my brother's
over there got to eat but
like this this is working this is
working what is mine doing what are my
settings
at I don't
know I've got an unskippable cut scene
so good luck me I guess get
wrecked all right uh maybe turn off the
max
FPS
okay overall quality yeah maybe just set
it to I'd set it to like low low yeah
yeah you're not going to do much better
than low uh resolution scale at 25%
though uh 100 yeah yeah i' go 100 let's
let's see what it looks like apply
changes this didn't apply is there
separate apply changes at the
bottom
H okay oh yeah there we go I was going
to say that didn't help at all but now
we're running at 85 FPS this is actually
great all right okay I'm going to set it
to the same thing as you so it was uh
full screen 1920 x 1080 right let me
verify that but
yes and then you used FXAA and overall
quality was low
right f AA overall quality is low I am
in windowed full screen windowed full
screen okay I I'll use windowed full
screen as well then okay yep I'm set to
the same thing as you and I'm on just
like a little tutorial Mission here hm
my space is a little less busy than
yours though which could be a bit of an
advantage for my system let's see if I
can get some yeah cuz in this little
room I'm getting 120 FPS
and then out here it's dipping oh but
it's dipping less than before how do I
invite ainus in
this might have to finish theal he might
have to finish the tutorial uh I I don't
know I don't know if it matters that
much 200ps as long as we're getting an
approximate range I think it's pretty
clear that I am going to be running this
game better yeah but that looks very
playable yeah you can definitely play
Deep Rock galactic on this and you'll
you'll be fine
needam uh I believe these accounts are
steam friends but I'm offline because
people kept adding me uh and it was
disruptive it was popping up in the
bottom
right okay Deep Rock Galactic I think
we're calling that a win yeah we can
call it a win for Qualcomm cool that's
kind of freaking awesome yeah the game
looks even not not bad at low yeah like
that seems
fine all right some nice Reflections
cool all right what's next chewy please
test Marvel
Spider-Man Marvel Spider-Man is that a
steam game is that on the other one
that' be on your original drive all
right all
right this actually
works oh that's not what I meant to
do dang
it my bad that is now off yep uh okay do
you have the login uh details for that
handy uh I do yes okay cool thank you
that was % my bad all right uh can we
make sure that we're not seeing our
screens
cool thanks
Dan all right I got
this there you go do we have any merch
messages that aren't game requests that
we can talk about while we figure this
out yes I need the uh code oh the code
I'm so sorry yep I can get the code I'm
so sorry that was my bad
you want one yeah hit me hey lonus I've
seen you dailying this smaller backpack
in a few videos any thoughts updates
release time uh yeah I we are working on
a a smaller more stylish version of the
backpack um I actually had it with me
for my trip to Taiwan and I came back
with probably about this much feedback
for the team about things that I would
need to see changed before that can be a
so that's going to be a minute before
that comes out um there's just a lot of
it it looks really great but there's a
lot of usability problems
that are worse than just you know oh
well this isn't a you know a a backpack
for Linus by Linus you know like there's
there's just problems with it that are
not acceptable uh like it's really
difficult for example to open up the
pockets enough that you can actually
reach down into the bottom of the bag so
we have a lot to figure
out did not all just show up I think I
just got to add the
drive there we go all right Spider-Man
which one remastered or Miles
Morales uh I think it's Spider-Man
remastered right I believe so okay let's
go for it ready all right 3 two 1 launch
3 one
except Ben do we have our total counter
how how Snap Dragon do oh no install
graphics card blah okay okay seems fine
I mean mine's still trying to launch so
I think you're still ahead of me I
haven't even seen the little launcher
thing there we go oh hey we should make
our settings the
same uh 169 FSR 3 sure yeah yeah why not
I mean it'll work on qualcom which is
kind of cool AMD apparently found that
out just like in the Press which I Funny
um Dynamic resolution scaling
off right sure okay quality vsync off
okay does that all look good uh yep all
right let's do
it will it work here we go here we go
here we go here we
go oh loading times look very acceptable
we're only in menu but your frame rate's
higher yeah but we're in menu or cut
scene
rather chewy want to hit us with the
merch
message uh your opinion on external GPU
Solutions and compatibility in 2024 I
use an R RX 7900 XT over USB 4 and it is
a mixed experience don't do it we
need we need new gen uh Thunderbolt for
it to work more
better uh it looks like Thunderbolt 5 if
they're actually using gen four lanes I
think it is yeah Thunderbolt 5 uses Gen
4 Lanes by four um and I think that's
going to
unlock I'm not even concerned at all
about
that like I'm every time that I've used
it just simply hasn't
worked really
okay no I've definitely had experiences
with with it working I've had it working
I guess I should say but it's the sort
of thing where you unplug it and plug it
back in and then it no work also
speaking of not working this is
currently at 7 FPS oh
um yeah friendly new game friendly sure
okay and then
start all right display and Graphics one
sec sure this clearly needs some help I
mean you're running at the same settings
as me Alex I don't think you're I need
some help oh okay well you can I'm I'm
turning on Dynamic resolution scaling at
least no no no no we can't I now have 9
FPS no no no you go to Graphics go to
the graphics tab though you can go to
the preset man I'm on
high and looking pretty smooth okay fine
we'll go to
low oh wow okay that helped a lot well
yeah no but like when you see 7 FPS you
think it's just not going to work I went
to low and now it's at 60 all right you
ready to start uh back fine start anyway
external Graphics Solutions probably the
smoothest one I ever saw was that MSI
one that just had a PCI slot at the back
of the laptop and then you just slid it
on top of this docking station that just
had a GPU in it yeah or I
guess no hot
spot how many legs has your spider got
there brother did they see that yes
nice wow that was
something that's that's the same thing
that I was saying in Doom where stuff
sometimes when it would get a bit close
to the screen would just turn into like
a big fuzzy
ball I'm officially a Flying Spaghetti
Monster believer
now uh curiously you're actually getting
higher frame rates than me sometimes but
your 1% lows are consistently lower yeah
they're not great so your delivery
consistency is lower even if your FPS
average does peak higher I'm seeing a
load of tearing as well uh do you see
that visually on the computer no in
person there's no tearing here there's
no tearing good good good
yeah I'm going to finish this thought
about external go oh there yeah there's
some funky stuff for sure
mhm okay well now that's the it's
there's a Multiverse yeah Venom he's
interacting with the m
it's the hair physics is the hair it's
the hair
physics I like how it's the hair
freaking out
and the Shadows are freaking out too oh
my oh but he puts on the thing and it's
fine
yeah oh my goodness when we're out on
the street and there's just random NPCs
all over you know what I wonder if basic
NPCs will have less yeah maybe and it'll
just be like a like a you know a hair
helmet and it won't
matter well we're about to find out Fray
interesting anyway they seem they seem
fine egpus okay XG mobile pretty okay
overall more bandwidth than Thunderbolt
which was nice oh hold left shift to
swing here we go um but definitely had
its
issues Thunderbolt 5 okay I'm excited
for Thunderbolt 5 and then uh we'll have
more bandwidth and it'll hopefully be
good but maybe
not did that stutter for youex yeah this
is this is I've had better experiences
for sure yeah I'm only theoretically you
know actually okay yeah I'm at a solid
30 I'm at 1% lows of 30 ooh yeah oh can
I grab onto the helicopter I want to do
that yeah I don't know man I think that
uh I think this is going to
be I think this is going to be that
second half of an L for Qualcomm
here remember how I said the next time
we had some weird Behavior they were not
getting a full
W
sure cuz that hair is funky oh we should
go down we should go down to Street oh
yeah to the street yeah so let's I'll
have a look at what people are supposed
to look like well this gu over here yeah
this looks like the same park oh yeah
did we manage to find
uh oh yeah here we go here we go here we
go okay cool let's find someone who's
not wearing a toque so the people seem
to be fine yeah you got to find someone
who's not wearing a hat though there
there was someone without a hat over
here I think oh
oh okay uh yeah I don't think that
that's how they're supposed to be
rendered that is
not good uh that is super not good to be
clear I'm not saying that there's any
intent there
um hat but that's not good okay yeah
find someone without a hat the the
Shadows seem to be a problem okay I
found someone with hair okay this this
person has hair their hair's fine hair's
fine okay hair's fine so as long as it's
helmet hair it's
fine but this
person yeah uh uh yeah uh uh let's move
on I'm calling this a fail
Dan it's not a outright fail you could
probably play the game but like okay
hold on is that Fountain physics right I
already closed mine but this does not
look right oh oh that's interesting so
that's that's something y so it's having
trouble loading in the farther away
version of the ass oh W look down the
ground oh yeah that's not great yeah
there's no way that's right yeah that's
probably not supposed to be that we're
calling this a fail yeah okay what's
next chewy that seems like it's a driver
update or two away from being fine we
got Rainbow Six Siege Rainbow Six
Siege let's do
it oh it's not installed do not have
that yeah I don't either okay Tanner's
working on it what's
next yep Tanner's going to get that one
going split gate split gate okay I also
don't have that only 15 gigs though how
how long will that
take let's see maybe that'll be really
fast uh oh I'm kind of curious to see
who has faster download speeds yeah that
can be a m CPU performance can be a
major bottleneck when downloading are
you both on lmg uh let me
check yes
yes well yours is a lot faster than M I
doubt that this is a CPU bottleneck at
this point though I suspect this is just
my Wi-Fi card not although you do have
receiving as fast an Intel Wii 60 should
be about as good as it can
get but maybe qualcomm's more
better not scientific not a scientific
test but Alex is definitely downloading
the game at Double the speed that I am
and this is too slow this is going to be
20 minutes so uh splitgate uh Tanner
we'll get you to load that one as well
it'll be seven on which is still too
long give me one here I've got these
downloaded already I just need to
transfer them over okay no take your
time we'll we'll do other ones in the
metime do do your thing do your thing
all right cool okay Chewy hit me uh
Ratchet and Clank Ratchet and
Clank a rift aart all right got it okay
uh oh you need to get it I need to get
it buy it instead all right fine is it
at least on sale hey it % off let's
go will you do that should I just hit
play and see what happens uh
sure we'll be able to save ourselves 40
bucks or whatever if it immediately
fails the last Sony one worked though
sort of I mean sort
of
uh I have no idea what the security code
is on this card uh is procurement
standing by to help me hey
procurement they got us wait did this do
something no uh did it did it just close
what what's this blue thing task manager
oh so it is oh it's got a new icon
uh maybe we don't need to buy
it see if intel runs it no no no I'm
sure Intel runs it I don't need to spend
the
$48 if I uh don't need to okay oh well
I'll tell procurement never mind then y
That's a
fail okay what's next hit us
chewy uh Psychonauts o Psychonauts
oh that's not installed
either okay tell tell you what uh we'll
switch over drives here right now
because I think I'm good on that and uh
we can get some of these games that
we've missed sure um that's okay that
like take take your time maybe just add
add this one to it but chewy give us
give us another one we have like a few
hundred games installed how do we keep
missing okay okay is I don't think my
drive's installed what's on the go here
oh wait mine is and I don't have psych
so okay yeah yeah there they are yeah
okay uh gigantic Rampage Edition yes
we've got it yeah we' I've never heard
of this before okay I still need that
code then cuz I don't own this game but
it's $12.99 let's go last four
digits uh oh uh accounting needs blanket
approval so that we can buy games
what
yes I think we've been through this if I
ask for something it's
approved mute you
globally all right you're back live let
me just get that okay they're they're
getting me the
code in the meantime that's promising
yeah uh it's not full screen but it's
promising to be full screen at some
point
um okay got
it thanks Dan want to show Alex's screen
yep back
live so this is game 11 yeah uh
yes all right is it working uh I hope so
what's it called again gigantic Rampage
Edition here we go
yes okay uh how long does it take to
launch this launcher it was pretty quick
for me okay is this a I should be oh
yeah there we go alt huner worked great
perfect for those of you who are new
here we're taking game requests we are
launching any game that you guys
recommend to us through merch messages
on both a Snapdragon X Elite laptop this
is the uh what was it the Samsung Galaxy
book Edge 4 book for edge book for Edge
sorry excuse me pardon me and then we've
also got an Asus viob book s this is
running a core Ultra 7
155h so we've got the fastest Snapdragon
X Elite processor versus Intel's best
of realistically last gen but it's the
only thing you can buy still until they
launch their current gen so current gen
yeah it it's definitely current gen you
don't get a new one for a while yes and
is it even intel if they don't make it
and we chose well okay that's a whole
other thing so tsmc fabbed a lot of
parts of the new one anyway the point is
we are not using AMD because we had some
issues with capture and realistically
the point of all this is not performance
per se where AMD has gaming performance
leadership but rather just does it work
at all with the arm2 x86 64 emulation
layer that's running on these snap
Dragon laptops so here we are gigantic
Rampage Edition 1 2
3 signing in
great modern gaming is so painful
sometimes I really love it when you have
like two hours with a group of
friends and you get to play installation
and download for two hours
yeah okay I'm going to go with Becket
all right I Am Lord
canosos all
right oh okay there's a lord noos
bot oh settings yeah sure I guess we
could go into the settings menu video
vsync off oh wow it defaulted to, 1600
by
900 I'm going to go with 1920 by 1080
Graphics quality I I think it could
handle this on high yeah it does seem to
be doing it yeah high high on forx save
and exit y okay cool let's call that
good okay I have 60 FPS I don't know if
vsync turned off I don't think it did
especially because this display is 120
HZ H so this may be frame rate locked in
some way right now I'm going to put it
on realistically Alex I think we can
just look at at our 1% lows do you want
to just H hop
in dude this looks pretty darn similar
yeah okay I'm going back to vsync off
I'm getting 1% lows in the neighborhood
of like 40 to 45
FPS and unlike some people I'm actually
playing the game got him okay I'll
follow Becket
[Music]
this is looking like a win to me like
not a win in the sense that it's running
better than on the Intel system but a
win in the sense that it is working
which was not a given when they
announced these processors I I was not
expecting the experience to be nearly
this smooth yeah this game is running
great 1% almost dead Dead
locked H supposed to go oh back here or
Dead Heat that's the word I was looking
for okay oh I am seeing some dips for
you that I am not experiencing on my
machine oh yeah that's the O
15 so it's not as
smooth but if what you wanted was to
play the game at
all you are able to play the game at
all and honestly I didn't even notice
those dips like we saw them in the
thing I didn't see it with my
eyeballs all right right I think that's
a win I think that's a win yeah all
right what's
next uh I think you guys should have
Gary's Mod Gary's Mod all
right Gary's
Mod hey five
bucks oh I already launched it's all
right whoa why do I have so much stuff
in my shopping cart what just
happened uh no no I don't want all the
what just
happened yeah why was there like $300
worth of stuff in there that was
close uh no guys I will add stuff thank
you really do appreciate the
proactiveness but no I I I will I will
do that thank you very much okay Gary's
Mod launching here we go okay this is
going to sound kind of crazy I have
never played Gary's mod
this is also gonna sound kind of crazy
but I also haven't see I would have
thought Gary's Mod would be like a thing
you would well I thought the same with
you yeah like I've opened it before and
I was like what do I do now
yeah all right fair enough it seems like
the kind of game for people that have
more time than I do o wow why you got to
why you got to throw shade like that on
our
viewers you guys going to take that uh
okay so start new game I guess
sure black
grass oh oh my game is running up the
wrong settings one moment please back to
main menu okay I am at 1920 by 1080
check your resolution here hold on apply
that's weird um frame rate limit boom
yay okay yep ADV is that helping
cool uh
high low high reflect World medium
enabled none trilinear disabled disabled
enabled
none we good yes all right
cool uh find multiplayer game should we
both join the same game
sure uh I don't
know uh Clone Wars role play seems to be
really popular dark RP dark RP
what Dang It Star Wars role play um is
it okay does anyone know trouble
in prob uh is everything just going to
be terrible okay let's do Prop Hunt oh
that's that's there you go prop okay
Prop Hunt I recognize where's Prop Hunt
prop Hunters h no just Prop Hunt I think
wait what prop Hunters yes yes yes prop
Hunters okay uh
yeah the top one here okay okay we're
both going into the same game quick or
else people might start joining yeah
yeah we're on it we're on
it also is a good test because you're
GNA have to download stuff from the
server one gigabyte of stuff I
downloaded it a lot faster than you oh
wait oh yours is going no yeah I'm
completely wrecking you right now oh
wait what what what oh I'm at five of
150 five I was just looking at the
progress bar yeah my progress bar
progressed many more times than yours
already I'm still downloading
Muffler Alex I'm getting some graphical
glitches from you do you see those no
it's looking great for
me it looks weird for you oh little CPS
that might just be capture yeah just
capture it looks fine on here oh yeah
weird yeah that's that's not happening
on
mine lordy
mine is taking forever I'm at 10 of 155
do you have a merch message that's
something other than a game MH hit me
hello L my job puts me at a desk but
back issues make it hard to sit or even
stand at a desk I'd like to use a VR
headset to create virtual monitors so I
can lay down what headsets would be best
oh man Apple Vision Pro is the only one
that I can realistically recommend as a
virtual monitor
and even then I don't think I it's it's
not great you may legitimately be one of
the few people that I would with a
straight face say maybe you should look
at one of those like reclining
workstations like we've checked uh I
forget the brand names but uh there was
one that we looked at a little while ago
that wasn't super overpriced because it
didn't have any Motors or anything it
was just like manually configure it once
and then kind of lock it in place
it wasn't
obudu it wasn't the CLE clevis or
whatever it was it was like the one we
checked out in between those ones I
think I know scorpion chair and that's
it yeah that one that one was a meme
poor Elijah now has a back that works
like yours after sitting in that chair
so man that stuff back issues man
they're a they're a life Cher I don't
really know I don't really know what to
tell
you uh chewy we got time for another one
I'm this at 64 I'm downloading ducky
player model I'm at
116 getting wrecked here's Wi-Fi it does
the thing
good do you think we'll do you think
we'll finally see a proper competitor
from AMD in the high-end graphics cards
next year no the Scuttle butt and we're
close enough to launch that the Scuttle
butt is probably reasonably
representative the Scuttle butt is that
AMD is not even going to have a high-end
8,000
series and that they're refocusing any
engineering resources that would be used
to build that on maybe having a really
good showing for like 9,000 Series uh
which kind of makes sense if you
consider that that's when the current
gen consoles will be due for an
architecture refresh and that's where
their investment is going to sell the
most chips because right now I think
amd's market share in the desktop GPU
space is like it's been plummeting 10%
which doesn't really makes sense to me
because as far as I can tell they're as
competitive as they've been in the last
yeah they're five years the cards are
like perfectly
fine okay but here's the question Mr
perfectly fine do you run one no I
wouldn't and that's exactly the problem
I I did that whole using it for a month
thing and it was like mostly good why I
have to install more
stuff progress bars after progress bars
yeah see this is 66 this is the PC
gaming experience man this is what I'm
talking about this is what I was saying
I don't have enough time for Gary's Mod
go to private no no no we got this we
got this this is like theage experience
yeah this is play the game and this is
what have like every time a new server
this Gary's Mod we don't make the rules
okay Chewy hit us with another one if
you guys are wondering how to leave a
merch message all you got to do is head
over to LTT store.com do we have any
promos running or anything like that
right now uh I think it's a retro
screwdriver retro screw screwdriver is
that on promo uh no it isn't I don't
think so it's not anymore no but we do
have retro screwdriver right here you
should still get one they are great we
have our GPU uh GPU crash Tower brick
game our non-infringing our
non-infringing Tower brick game uh I
guess that we could play some Tower
brick game while we wait for this to
happen it's a little messy cuz the
bricks fall all over the place like
other games that um we are not
infringing on but basically you know
every one of these is a little I mean
yeah it's probably better to just bring
up you know I'll just bring up the site
that'll be better and then you'll
actually be you know you need to take
one out now
well oh yeah hold on I'm showing the
people you want to go to my screen real
quick hey there we go GPU crash Tower
game crashes just like the real GPU
Market there you go so each one is
individually laser engraved
on I believe it's anywhere from five to
six different surfaces there are some
where the GPU that it's inspired by
doesn't really have anything on the one
side but most of them are engraved on
all six sides which by the way is why
it's expensive I saw a lot of kind of
silly um speculation that it was some
kind of influencer tax or something but
I responded on Reddit about this like
look go find a laser engraved Christmas
ornament on
AliExpress go ahead okay see how much
that costs now multiply it by jeez the
number of surfaces that we laser
engraved times the number of
pieces yes it's
expensive but it's really cool I like it
and it's not it's I don't think it's
expensive for what it is when you
consider how much individual handling
each of these pieces SC don't take my
word for it though like I said just go
go find an example of something that is
lasering you are totally not allowed to
brace yourself on that brick what you
cheater yeah
cheater so I'm a bit of a I'm a bit of
an agent of Chaos in this game in case
you're wondering it appears that way yes
oh
no oh that's what happens I just I just
go for whatever is the most solid
looking thing
and uh and hope for the best how's my
game loading doing good Lord oh you're
not even through the first bit no man
that's not great I'm really not how's
yours coming along I'm at about 500 out
of
606 but maybe there's more after that
we'll find out soon any who we have lots
of other affordable stuff you can get on
LTT store.com we have a lot of our
t-shirts back in stock now they're just
$20 uh there's some pressure on me to
increase the price of our t-shirts I'm
going to try and pull a Costco hot dog
here but I'm not sure if I'm going to
get away with it so they might go up at
some point if you want to pick up a
t-shirt now might be a good
time uh chewy do you want to hit me with
a merch
message what is the current upgrade or
replacement path for the standardized
machines at
LTT ooh that's a good question Dan would
actually know that better than I would
he works in that department Dan what's
going on with our standardized
workstations I believe they're getting
completely revamped right now we're
looking for some Partners I think we've
got new gpus that are coming in but
we're also investigating laptops and
docs blasphemy well most of the company
uses Google Chrome as their entire
job yeah I get it apart from the
engineers I think we have A4000 is the
standard for the engineers uh video
editor are getting 390s 13900 K uh
probably 128 gigs of RAM but for most of
the company yeah I mean maybe apart from
the writers who just get test benches
with whatever they want everybody uses
Google Chrome I know Luke only uses
Google Chrome yeah all of the writers
have been telling me that they want
qualcom laptops
now that makes sense yeah and so we've
got like loads of docs that we're
testing too we have standardized
monitors so you know doc two monitors
nice powerful laptop you're basically
good to
go yeah I get it oh man cringe Tomo Como
in float plane chat says get everyone a
Samsung phone and just use
decks I
mean man who no wait who whose uh Intel
upgrade were we doing where they were
using decks was that
Matt I don't
know I I think so I've used decks a
little bit and it it wasn't a good time
yeah yeah was Matt I mean he was
dailying it
dude what yeah that was that was his
that was his desktop computer was a a
deck do I told you everybody just uses
Google Chrome it's fine one thing that I
saw was wild uh the guys at PS sound in
Germany they do like sound system
installations the guy Ed Samsung deck
for his car infotainment so he would
plug it in and then had a big screen I I
don't think that would be legal at all
here oh my God I took an Uber recently
oh well okay I took an Uber recently
here where buddy was just watching like
uh some like Bollywood show like just
watching a a movie on his
phone and the wildest thing about it was
that I wasn't even really that phased
because I had just come back from Taiwan
where half of the Uber drivers had video
on while they were
driving yeah there it's not illegal so
it'll be people that have like four or
five screens
me and Andy we arrived in Japan and
immediately just found a car meet and
went for a driving a guy's R32 Skyline
and he had just Top Gun playing on four
screens it was the most incredible thing
that has ever happened okay so your
Wi-Fi absolutely Crush inates my Wi-Fi
you're in you're in game and I'm still
at number two out of 606 for assets to
download here how's it running are we
going to be able to run oh oh oh are we
going to be able to run Source two games
ises that hsni
Miku I mean that makes perfect
sense well it's only nintend
that's
add right can they hear
you okay you got to talk into a mic or
not at all you're
yell uh are you are you going to move at
all are you going so far I think it's
only Nintendo that has actually tried to
dmca and take down all the mod add-ons
every other IP is still up so people
just have
whatever God it makes perfect sense why
do I not have F2 to change
teams what I'm wondering about is just
where
my the the thing that tells you how many
frames you have is frame view where did
that go I do not know oh yeah mine's not
showing up either I mean just just tell
us how just tell us how it runs maybe
try F2 to change teams
there you
go
okay the round is waiting for me to load
in is there sound from the game going to
the live stream no no okay that's good
probably yes how do I voice on how do I
turn into a prop select prop with e e
I'm pressing e and nothing's happening
oh all right I'm a box now okay you're a
box so what do you do you you hide yeah
okay I've never played prop Hunters
before I want to be a tree can I be a
tree I can't be a tree I don't think so
I don't think that's a prop can I be a
water bottle you should be something
smaller oh no that's going to be pretty
conspicuous L more Health you
have I oh so you can move around while
they hunt you oh I'm getting shot at uh
oh yeah you're dying you're dead I died
what that was it you didn't hide yeah
you wait wait oh were you at was he out
of
time
oh well I I definitely know how to play
this
game oh my God if anyone's stream
sniping right now this this guy's hiding
right
here okay how's it running it seems fine
I think why don't you spectate the
seeker can you do that just
click yeah look for the Seeker
change teams
Hunters oh it's going to make you wait
man uh yeah they thought they thought of
that makes
sense oh there we go there we go okay
cool how's it running it seems fine it
seems like it's working great which I
would really hope well yeah but the the
demandingness of the game is not what
dictates whether it's going to run on a
you know an emulator essentially right
yeah I'm definitely seeing some hitching
that I wouldn't normally expect to see
in a in a game this old and this light
and there's some weird kind of
flickering I just don't know if that's
like whatever is happening here or the
qualcom of it but either way you got
completely killed on the Wi-Fi test
there I I really did I'm very close to
being in game I think I can join the
next round and then we'll we'll compare
them and then we'll call it here this
looks like a win for Qualcomm this looks
like a game you can
play do you have de
console uh uh
yes let's see if it works
oh yeah there we go oh yeah 70 80 90
really inconsistent though to a degree
that I wouldn't expect on something like
this yeah it's hopping around a
lot is that
showing low and high I don't think
so but yeah it's going from like 60 to
120 like it's going to be kind of
tough it's all over the place actually
all over the place oh that looked
reallyy hey lonus are you able to check
if splitgate finished downloading cuz I
noticed a few minutes ago Alex's
finished downloading as well or
someone's did so because I was running
in the background while you're trying to
download the assets oh yeah okay so
you're okay oh yeah no oh I think that I
canceled mine wait did it
just is it possible that that's because
this this says it just completed at 403
oh is that why you got so destroyed in
Gary's Mod m oh could
be but hold on it was it wasn't even
touching Network for a long time though
this has just been dis
activity also it's still
slow so I don't know what to tell you
are you even going to make it into this
round uh how long do I have I have one
minute yeah I might make it I'm at 814
of 1400 Lua
files I've got this come on buddy I'm
going to make
it okay let's let's not go too hard on
Intel's uh Wi-Fi performance there
then come on come
on apparently yours was also downloading
though ah so yeah yeah I do have it
installed now so that makes sense
yeah cool come on starting got 18
seconds
I feel so much tension right now come on
come on come on come on come on 14
second 12 come
on the add-on Fallout desert Jay failed
to okay uh Lua started Lu started three
two come
on fully connected I'm in I'm in uh I'm
in hello okay I'm wait no I'm not not
spected oh damn it F2 function F2 F2
come on come on F2 no did I miss it yeah
wait oh I have to wait before trying to
change teams
again I clicked
spectate dang it
uh this isn't working as far as I can
tell how how do I I do stuff oh I'm okay
I'm a Hunter I joined Hunters am I
allowed to nope all right what I can do
is spectate though and my game is your
FPS is way better definitely running way
more smoothly I am seeing weird glitchy
Behavior though so that may just be down
to these character models being random
and you yeah yeah that's still happening
yeah so oh and it did just dip to 70 FPS
there yep
I died cuz these are probably not super
optimized models too
yeah you know what I'm calling this a
win I'm calling this acceptable for
welcome you can play this game and it
doesn't really seem any glitch here than
anything that I'm experiencing over on
my side yeah all right all right ala
four all right nope
F10 F10 yep what
I did it all right what's our next game
split gate split
gate here we
go downloading ah PC gaming why are we
applying an update we just installed the
game it's an update lightweight antiche
lightweight antiche guess we're going to
find out if that
works flying update so far we are neck
and neck our necks are right next to
each other's necks uh chewy got any
merch messages for
us when arm inevitably comes to desktop
do you think we'll see sockets retained
or anything new like cam on desktop
motherboards I would be absolutely
floored if qualcom created a socketed
CPU yeah I think that if we see Qualcomm
on desktops it's going to happen slowly
it's going to be a slow frog boil we're
going to see something like a like a
minium style you know Puck PC and it's
going to be like you know oh yeah well
you know we couldn't put a socketed you
know CPU in there and socketed Ram
because you know it's it's basically a
laptop we have a fail oh unable to load
anti-che components this driver has been
blocked from loading whoopsy Doodles
sorry splitgate rip more
like see you later
gate
okay all right what's next farming Sim
22 what was it called farming Sim
Farming Simulator 2022 let's go ready
all right and quick we're getting
through so many more games than we did
on the Intel
stream yeah actually it helps that
they're so quick to test
yeah wow are we only batting about 500
so far
what it has to be more than that
no o yeah then isn't Intel 12 of 13 I
thought there was one that it couldn't
do uh inel we didn't test one so I'm
going to like include that it would be
12 12 no I think it probably would have
launched it I think I just didn't buy
it it Ratchet and Clank yeah oh not
Ratchet and Clank I'm thinking um
okay
options uh
1080p I'm going the wrong way you better
believe
it 1080p I think we can go medium come
on it's farming simulator farming
simulator is a heavy game is it really I
think so all right well it shows you
I've never played it before so go easy
on me here okay V SN off yeah I've also
never played it frame rate limit field
of view I want uh like 90 9 okay oh my
God L got click a thousand times uh no
he he told me low oh what oh sorry oh
sorry that changed all your stuff again
a dang it yeah I'm sorry my bad think
off he said it was demanding so I
switched it back to low yeah Field view
60 is
fine well you just don't want to click
dang it yeah exactly your banana let's
go 72 field of view 72 degrees split the
difference
uh okay Advanced graphic setting space
Oh
uh well that was
fun what oh wait did it launch relaunch
automatically oh okay okay that was by
design that was by Design okay did you
go into
advanced okay TAA all fine uh this all
seems like pretty normal stuff I just
want to make sure that it's not
resolution
scaling texture resolution blah BL blah
yeah this all seems the same okay
apply okay we
ready yeah uh do we go multi oh do we go
multiplayer
sure bail stacking
mode competitive bail stacking sure I
mean
right okay continue join custom match or
here I'll create a match yeah okay
uh my match is going to be called this
and my password is going to be
this and my internet connection is going
to be DSL
16,000 heck yeah no we're going to go
we're going to go
Lan H use UPnP no max players to all
right okay theoretically you should be
able to find my
game well give it a second please wait
connecting to server please wait for
game to be
created oh can I request a
game am I am I allowed to request games
I think so like that seems kosher right
yeah okay I'm requesting slapshot
rebound because you still haven't tried
it even though I told you to try it I
have not tried it I know you haven't
tried it I could tell I could tell
because of how non-committal you were
when I said you should try it you were
like yeah sure so now I can force you to
try it
it's really fun Slap Shot rebound strong
recommend okay okay yeah sure whatever
okay waiting for players here we
go come
on come
on hey there we go y that was
quick okay he's loading
in so far everything seems to be working
as I'd expect yeah
this is truly gripping
content so how it's looking right now
are you willing to give up half your
games for double the battery life you
know what's crazy though okay I'm going
to go full politician and I'm going to
just start talking without addressing
the fact that you've asked me a question
at all okay what's crazy though is we
were having a very similar conversation
around the steam de deck and I am
surprised at how many people were
willing to just go for it even in its
fairly hobbled State back when it
launched and seeing how much it's
improved over time if they can achieve
anywhere close to a similar amount of
improvement dude um this could be viable
yeah no though no yeah no is my answer
oh I absolutely would easy on a
laptop oh that's true because then I
could just play the games that I play on
my laptop on my laptop and just not play
the games I don't play on my laptop yeah
oh you're not wrong like I'm giving up
way more games by using this every
day like this can play more cuz this has
old Intel in it here we go time to stack
some
Bales competitive bail stacking do I
just drive into it uh I mean kind of
appears that way so I I have it on my
thingy how do I make it go up I'm I'm
guessing that's what I need to do uh
okay show input help
oh what well how do I F1 do I
just no ler weight I'm a little
surprised we're not both in the same
field v no that didn't do anything no
that's not what I wanted help us out
guys F1 uh accelerate select camera your
vehicle where where are the rest of the
inputs wait oh oh I figured it out m
it's mouse mouse up and down for some
reason no
way uh okay all right up oh
uh okay wow this is oh I got one this is
very manual uh I also have one um what's
the opposite of
riveting oh my God wait hold on a second
this is the gaml that people are paying
to see hold on the
fork maybe right click uh no right click
doesn't do it oh my God the fork is left
and
right oh my
God I have two Bales smooth how' you get
two Bales they're also
perfect
dude why is my tractor not going to the
right why is it not going to the right
you know in the Esports version of this
usually they're playing with the Xbox
controller for this section uh I mean
that makes sense what did you just
say I said in the
Esports in the Esports scene for this
this is the section where they use the
Xbox controller it's 3v3 German Farm Sim
okay that sounds extremely like a thing
that's real that sounds extremely
extreme is how that sounds to me oh I
lost my bail oh my goodness I just flung
the bail off the tractor
how are you supposed to tell if it's at
the right level Jeepers
Creepers okay all right you know what
I'm still kind of in this like he's only
got two Bales on
there two you say
yeah yeah you heard me it's three yeah
three loser
Bales why is my tractor not steering
look at my wheels do you have your
stuff like all the way on the Ground
Forks I got stuff on the ground oh are
my Forks all the way on the ground I
don't think so I mean they might have
been oh yeah here we go oh no no no gosh
darn it gold dang it
I okay oh yeah I got three I got three
here we go boys here we go oh we're in
the game now we're in the game oh yeah
here comes number m M Here Comes number
four let's go how many you got Alex Oh
balls oh no I tipped the whole thing I
just almost did that too but not nearly
as bad as you no I can tip it back I can
tip it back oh yeah oh I dropped one oh
dude I tipped it back I tipped it
back okay does this game work yes okay I
guess do we even look at performance I'm
getting like 72 I am getting a lot more
than that until clearly has the edge for
performance in this
one so the game seems to run fine but
you're definitely giving up some
performance to emulation all right
what's next oh right I had my request we
are playing slapshot
rebound here we go this game rebound is
an absolute wait no not slap oh no no no
no no uh Slap Shot rebound is actually a
blast too but uh tape to tape
tape to tape oh my God it's
$2 uh you're on the primary though just
get it oh I mean it's not installed uh
that's fine it's small all right small
boom
okay so excited guys this game is so fun
it's it's a Rog light hockey game with
like no
rules how does it compare to the Rog
like wrestling game I have not tried
that I haven't tried it either but
apparently it's really good
okay oh crap there's a
tutorial games with unskippable
tutorials should be banned no maybe you
can skip it I think you might be able to
skip it games that don't accept alt f4
and games with unskippable tutorials
should not be allowed I actually agree
with you
though that should be someone's platform
running for government
alt F four for everything no one
skipable cut scenes okays a PA button
yeah and Elden ring has a pause
button skill issue I saw that's a big
controversy right now someone asked for
a pause button and people were like mad
or something like yeah game should have
a pause button like I have kids like if
a kid you know bust their leg open or
something what I can't pause my game you
got to be kidding me that's maybe Elden
Ring's just not for you then that's not
a difficulty question that's just like
kids are part of the difficulty that's
basic functionality wear armor as well H
that's just
stupid that's just
stupid how am I doing here Noob you had
children oh why did it drop to 22
megabit per second I wonder if our WiFi
is what's struggling the Wi-Fi is
probably the problem I think our Wi-Fi
is struggling in a big way right
now yeah it was I was getting like 300
and then it just like kind of
stopped mine is downloading at a
whopping oh no there it goes y she's
going now oh yeah mine just started
going too okay want to hit us with a
merch
message actually I have an idea while we
wait for this to load sure we have a
bunch of other stuff here that's not
gaming to test oh sure like just just a
whole whack we do yeah we do oh God okay
do we want to try some of that oh my God
I just saw the pile Oh oh
wow oh wow oh wow I mean oh wow sure
let's grab something all right okay
where did Oliver
go I think he assumed we didn't need him
and left yeah that's pretty fair is fair
we we didn't move for a really long time
Oliver
okay I think Dan is new
Oliver okay we have a
printer so we're going to try a printer
apparently
yeah so we have an HP laptop and an HP
printer one would presume that they
cooperate oh okay I mean that's
generous okay my understanding is this
is a relatively modern printer the desk
check at uh 2734
e complete with starter setup cartridges
uh TR color in
black um dang it
Alex okay are we just going to do it
back here yeah do you have enough Zoom
for this down okay I guess that's what
we're doing
then and this was the moment everyone
when the video went completely off the
rails what is it the
Deskjet uh 2734 e yes sir is there
supposed to be a power cable or
something full
camera uh okay it just takes a regular
figure8 camera or power cable anyone
figure8 power cable
uh there's a thing here I don't know
what this
means there's a USB port but there's a
thing so if you want to use Wi-Fi don't
plug in USB maybe I I don't
know I don't know what that means but I
definitely need a power
cable uh Tanner do you mind trying to
find a figure 8 power cable please I'll
do my best okay cool supplies this is
going really great supplies and
support uh what theoretically it should
just work I guess right like if it
doesn't have a driver download then I
would think you just plug in seamless
setup HP smart
app okay what is HP smart
app HP smart oh
sure oh I don't have to create an
account oh my God set up a printer oh my
God it's a whole portal oh
dear uh okay well here yeah uh it's the
e 734 e allinone printer yay next please
here we go switch to a mobile device
computer install HP smart thanks Tanner
Microsoft Store dang it oh
boy quality cable I bent it back into
shape there we go just going to power
this on what are the odds this is what
I'm
doing very fun what are the Vegas OD
sorry about that something went wrong
oh well that was
quick HP smart get okay here hold on
let's let the people
see srinking angle up there you
go come
on here's where all the actions
happening Oliver oh oops I clicked
something well that was a oh dear um HP
smart is installing
hey nice well that's progress
yeah okay
meanwhile I have powered up this
printer open HP smart is working that's
look bed
neat welcome to HP smart except all uh
should we just should we just plug it in
via
USB like if I just go get a cable can we
just plug it right in well let's just
see what happens set up new
printer
yes searching for
printers riveting stuff I know
well uh now we now we have some dead air
as we just search for printers hey
Tanner do you have anything interesting
to say at the
moment
uh no all right well thank is here hi
there oh found it set up no
way
continue connect printer to Wi-Fi I mean
that should just work right you
think Wi-Fi passcode okay yep we'll get
that oh wow this is this is having a
little um freak out over here though no
just just let it do its thing error
three exclamation mark flashing lights
everywhere so unhappy right
now do we need printer
paper uh I guess yeah I guess so I mean
we have
that we need ink cartridges I can tell
you that much yeah
we we presumably need all of
that is it the oh network is unsupported
the network is
unsupported uh because this doesn't
support WPA 3 I guess oh here you go oh
no that's a whole thing well we talked
about that in in Tanner's Wi-Fi cracking
video okay well that's fine have a
cable right okay how about now it made a
sound I mean that's something sounds are
good
uh uh yeah no
thanks
okay
so just go into the go into the printers
thing it might have just like
detected yeah there we go add
device okay it added a couple of network
devices so our Epson upstairs in
accounting was
added you know this isn't working but
what we can do let's let's just go to
accounting can we just add
that well this still might work
you unplugged it you didn't even try to
install the driver
Alex I mean that was something yeah but
then this comes up oh this module is
blocked from loading into the local
security Authority what the heck does
that even mean I don't
know
oh look at that what driver
unavailable Oh weird but the other one
says it is there see there's two
instances of printer
oh
okay weird well what happens if we try
to print
then well I think nothing because it
says driver error I mean I guess we can
find out yeah go to not can you print in
notepad can you print from paint oh yeah
you can print from paint my sisters
would know all about that
co-creator oh lordy
okay and what exactly is that supposed
to be a
printer okay well we'll have to max out
the creativity on this
one come on
AI all
right I mean that's a printer is a
printer yeah I don't know if oh there we
go that's pretty good looking printer I
don't know if it looks anything like
what you drew but yeah go ahead and drag
that in I
guess or do you just click
it yeah there we go file print yeah we
got this
print oh wait add a yeah is it just not
there at all yeah just driver error
oh okay um well if you have a Epson e58
series you can't use it or you might
have to do some voodoo magic to get it
to work I'm not going to guarantee it's
not going to work but it sure as heck
isn't going to work out of the box and I
have no idea what's going on with this
whatever the whole thing X um all right
well printers it failed let's play a
slap shot whatever the heck okay sure
tape to
tape well Alex if the goal was to kill
time you definitely
succeeded Oh
Lordy hope you guys are enjoying the
stream uh chewy do you have a merch
message for
us I am buying this bottle for my wife
after she tried to steal mine what is
one thing your so took from you that you
know you'll never get
back
um what one thing youro took from you
that you know you will never get back uh
yeah yvon took my uh actually Ivon used
to take a lot of my merch but the thing
that I'm most upset about is not LTT
merch which is easy for me to get
replacements for but rather um a piece
of YouTube merch that's like the most
comfy house coat that I've ever
encountered I got to use it a few times
and then it was over and now it belongs
to
her I don't think this is
working
what no tape to tape no tape to
tape oh I'm so
unhappy tape to tape is
awesome and I will never know no no it's
fun here look this is tape to tape
everyone it's really
fun okay I've got the uh the M shagy
Brothers here okay I forget the controls
actually I haven't played in a little
while boom
but you can throw your stick and you can
just hit people like anytime you want
it's
awesome oh so it's kind of like um oh
what the heck was that one called like
the the street hockey one
um street hockey one or not like street
hockey but
the the one from like let's go Carlos
chos for the win take that ref get over
here
anyway tape to tape really fun there's a
campaign uh there's a lot more skill to
scoring than what I made it look like
there I got a little lucky on that one
NHL hits that's the one that I was
thinking of okay great game I have not
played that uh but there's like lots of
different abilities and stuff and then
you can power up your characters as you
go through very Rog light
style what was the other game that you
wanted to play uh I don't think there
was another one I actually wanted to
play I just misspoke unless you mean
Slap Shot rebound
yeah oh wow hit the post uh yeah Slap
Shot rebound we don't have to play it's
really hard all right like extremely
difficult to wrap your head around with
controls you'll basically just be
flailing around it's hilarious which is
cool but no we don't need to do that all
right uh next game all right what are we
doing uh let's do a drive swap Drive
Swap sure Drive swap 10
Drive swap baby dri currently in use uh
try again it give me that message the
first couple of times but then it won't
I'm just going to exit steam also at at
some point lonus I do have some friends
who are real into NHL 94 who will beat
you at it really yep oh they probably
will I played a lot as a kid but I have
barely touched it as an
adult but yeah I'm super down still
saying it's
use have you tried not using it I have
in
fact all right uh hello there well
unlike some people I know how to eject a
drive here's your drive it's very very
hot uh which where is my new one oh
sorry it is in front of the ridge oh
that's right we should probably do a
quick shout out for the ridge oh yeah we
have a whole mid roll from them oh do we
Okay uh what do we say hey look at that
yeah thanks to the ridge for sponsoring
this live stream they just released
their uh oh do we need are we going to
get close-ups do we have uh we we should
get close we can get an Oliver right
quick Oliver is prepared he's prepared
or preparing he's going to be prepared
soon and then we're going to talk about
the ridge in the meantime I'm going to
get this drive
installed I'm going to try to get mine
stopping still is not
working I say rip it out rip it out yeah
all right that's coming from you Goodbye
Mr
Drive wow that's hot all
right is Oliver ready for Alex to Vanna
these for
me yes all right thanks to the ridge for
sponsoring this live stream they just
released their Island time and Voodoo
green Series so we're going to talk
about them we all know the Ridge and
their minimalist wallets they can hold
up to 12 cards and still have room for
cash with either a money clip or an
elastic band and those are included in
the Box you can just
configure your wallet nice Alex you got
this he's he just unboxed he just
unboxed their keyh holder one-handed
they don't only make wallets uh they've
also got these cool cases to keep your
keys secure and in a small profile so
they don't jingle jangle every time you
take a step they're made with the same
materials as their wallets and both
qualify for their lifetime warranty you
can check them out at the link in the
description to see what Ridge has to
offer hey look you can you have a bigger
island one a bigger island one where did
it go yeah it's right here is that the
island one it looked different oh yeah
no there were two Island ones yeah
there's another one where's the other
Island
one what happened to the other Island
one Alex where did it go I swear we are
not Mandela affecting you the the island
the other Island one does exist yeah I
blame Chase uh no no don't worry Oliver
you can't move the camera around like
that the poor people are going to get
I anyway the point is you can get 10%
off your entire order and free shipping
by using Code Linus at checkout oh I got
it Alex found it thank you
Alex there we go look at this it's
actually really
cool right Wicked there we go Oliver got
the focus super cool wow and that was
when Ridge and all other sponsors
decided they would never sponsor one of
our live streams again no no really
we're usually more organized than this
JK usually it's less but this this is
good uh okay what are we what are we
doing next given how this went the last
time actually that's true yeah that
ended up getting like 3 million views or
something so oh I meant last week when
we tried to do this stream and it just
didn't work at all oh that right yes
that was worse okay what's the game that
we're we're doing here uh let's finally
do Rainbow Six Rainbow Six let's do
it is it in front of me it is well
Rainbow
Six come
on okay I believe I'm going to find it
Rainbow Six Siege here we
go H yeah not Vulcan that's for sure all
actually on this one it might be fine
sorry I forgot I'm on in yeah on that
one it should be good all right let's
catch up those of you who are just
tuning in we are comparing game
compatibility between a regular x86
laptop in this case an Intel Cor
7 Ultra
155h core Ultra 7 bloody hell I can
never remember Intel got it wrong on one
of their random guidelines Pages they
have it in like two different ways nice
it's so confusing they have a whole
video coming about that anyway it's it's
less confusing than X1 80100 though
that's true um Intel set the bar for
confusing branding and Qualcomm was like
I see you there I can beat it so I've
got a cor Ultra 7 155h in front of me
and Alex has one of snapd dragon's ex
Elite uh Snapdragon qualcomm's
Snapdragon X Elite chips and we are
comparing to see which ones manage to
run games and which ones do not so far
Intel has run all of the games we've
thrown at it you can see that in our
little counter down here which we would
expect I mean we're not trying anything
that's so heavy it wouldn't run it we're
trying things that are would either run
or not depending on compatibility
meanwhile our Snapdragon system has run
9 of 14 that's actually not as bad as I
thought we were doing did you include
tape to tape cuz that didn't launch yeah
didn't happen at
all Dan what did you include tape to
tape in your account uh I don't think so
okay then it's 9 out of
15 yeah we're closer we're closer to
50/50 than we'd probably like to be now
it is worth
noting both Qualcomm and Microsoft
reached out to us when they heard about
this stream we're like um uh they're not
gaming laptops um so it is worth noting
these are not gaming laptops that isn't
their primary purpose but given how much
they've talked about the compatibility
layer uh given how much they've talked
about gaming in their marketing we think
it is fair to at least try games on them
and see how they go and also remember
double the battery
life yeah I mean we're not trying to
sell it to you we're just trying to
point out that every platform has
benefits and has drawbacks now is that
an Intel Intel fil right there I don't
have up
play or Ubisoft connect excuse me so it
looked for a you up play it looked for a
Ubisoft connect install and realized I
don't have it so you are going to have
to install Ubisoft connect probably
unless you have it already uh do I have
to log in here uh it prompted me to log
in yeah and you just logged in yeah I
tried I tried my personal account uh do
I have an account in this
Ubisoft connect is running please close
it
what okay hold on a second
what okay I do have
it okay that's
bizarre okay okay well I am I am logged
in
apparently let's try this again Rainbow
Six Siege play all right uh you can show
our screen uh don't show mine oh don't
show Alex's you can show mine
all right I believe Alex I
believe there was a problem
authenticating the ownership of this
product Oh no do I have to log
into whatever the LTT Benchmark you play
account is that's tied to this Steam
account
uh
oh who
cares game yeah there's a reason that I
don't play games that have to use other
launchers
um I don't even know so what I need our
secondary up playay account
uh okay I got it you've got it yeah oh
okay okay I got
it now we just need to wait for mine to
fail
ah uh no just just show our faces yeah
you can show our faces for the time
being please do not show the back no I'm
not going to yeah that would that would
be less than
ideal all right uh do we have a merch
message while we're doing
this any updates on the p and
screwdriver uh
soon that was the least confident soon
I've heard in a while yeah well we I did
did I did I tell the people about the
the discovery that we made about the
standard for bit sockets no I I did tell
okay not on this stream anyway so we
discovered something um as it turns out
nobody is compliant with the standard
size for sockets and bits ah yeah cool
so the standard is that your bit is
supposed to be the right size and your
socket is supposed to have some slop to
account for manufacturing tolerances on
bits but instead it's the other way
around where the bits are undersized and
the sockets are right sized ah um and
everybody just did it wrong and now the
industry is kind of stuck with that ah
so we had to make a call on whether we
wanted to do it properly and risk our
driver not being compatible with other
people's bits or the other way around so
basically we'd risk incompatibility with
other people's stuff not because we did
anything wrong but because they did it
wrong yeah or we had to choose whether
to do it the deao standard wrong way to
ensure intercompatibility so we ended up
having to retool some stuff to do it the
deao standard wrong way cool yeah so
that's
annoying anyway I'm launching Rainbow
Six Siege now I'm still just waiting
cool oh oh wait unable to find you play
yeah there's your problem okay so hold
on I went to I went to install it and
found out it was already running so see
if it's just in your system tray yeah
there it is
yeah blah blah blah bad lie uh oh now
it's probably going to get mad there's
no way this is going to
work battle I service updating launching
game there are so many games that I'd
love to try still okay why don't we do
why don't we do a blitz of just steam
only games here so that we can get
through quite a few in the next little
bit
Psychonauts uh well we're going to
finish trying Rainbow Six Siege real
quick detecting system
configuration okay that's
something for what it's worth mine is
still trying to
launch oh my God it's just doing battle
ey now
thing is they're all laptops you know
all these machines are laptops they're
not oh uh powerful can I show both
screens yeah yeah you can show our
screens now I might have a game no way
no
way okay can't full screen it
but skip there you
go dude how are you launching faster
than me mine is still detecting system
configur I I started launching this game
minutes way before he
did the security update has been restart
now
okay sheesh okay hit us with the merch
message any updates on when backpacks
with a double layer bottom will be
available uh uh I do not know at this
time anything else NOP all right cool
okay Escape skip cool start setting up
oh
Lordy man thank you Ubisoft when did
launching a game for the first time
become this
12-step
process oh it's painful
dude you are running circles around me
right now it's that multicore
performance warning you are running an
unsupported video driver meanwhile
warning my system is below the minimum
requirements
cor I couldn't even connect to the
server confirm
okay I don't want to tutorial wow this
is so annoying look at this I can't I
can't click here okay I I can't see what
is below this stupid error message in
order to change anything here
ridiculous well yeah what the crap yeah
how do we get rid of this oh oh there's
an X finally an X came
up wait yours doesn't have an x no oh
this is amazing and these settings are
not game settings these are just just
like you play
settings oh do you need to shift tab to
get rid of it or something oh no that's
steam okay I don't know okay display oh
my God my security update has been
downloaded I guess I get to restart my
game now
yay
gaming windowed full screen
apply it didn't do it alt
entered not working cool what about
borderless
windowed that did work cool are you guys
just enjoying watching us share in your
pain because this is what gaming is like
now this is
horrible field of view 90
yay apply changes please don't require
restart okay Graphics I'm going to
medium all right well why don't you go
ahead and just jump in Benchmark
fine I can't get rid of this
warning
brilliant please update your driver for
Optimal Performance you know it would be
optimal if you get this out of my way
ooh 26 that's not great but she's we
also appear to have Wall
hacks I mean this is a benchmark it's a
benchmark it's probably fine
it would be really funny if you had wall
hacks on
Qualcomm yeah the the anti sheet
exemption won't last
long like can you normally see those
people those are your allies those are
your fellow operators I think all right
I haven't played this game but I I know
enough about it it's not doing bad no
inconsistent frame pacing for sure o but
you also set it to
medium sure are we going down to low
this is looking like a low kind of game
to
me uh well hold on hold on I'm going to
x
out should we try and get in a game now
uh well I wanted to see what what were
you running
at that was 1080p low or medium I mean
that was 1080p medium yeah okay so 120
htz vsync off yeah all this all this
seems good did you change anything else
you set field of view to 90 yeah okay
was that it
y okay and then Graphics yep just medium
when was that Medium what about we put
them both to low well hold on a second
hold on a second yours is at medium it
was at medium cuz I just want to see
what my Benchmark looks like let's see
how my Benchmark does all right I'm
starting the Benchmark too then we can
compare that way okay
wow that's quite a bit higher that is
quite a bit smoother es oh oh Lordy yeah
that's not close sir yeah that's it's
not close at
all with that said the game is running
without any obvious horrible behavior
that makes it unplayable yeah this to me
looks like a pass even though our
emulation performance hit and or our
onboard GPU performance hit compared to
Intel's onboard
GPU is they're pretty similar when they
both work from what we've seen like the
Intel igpu qualcom and amds are all
pretty much neck and
neck just Intel's not super consistent
and qualcomm's very
inconsistent yeah I want to hop in the
game I want to see if this is usable at
all all right okay do you want to go
down to low I'm going I'm going to low
yeah all right well I'm going to low too
boom now we're both low can we
do like a private match I have no
idea cuz I really don't want to like
join a
game beginner
challenges uh play tutorials wait
beginner challenges mine is is locked
you can only play the
tutorial can
I why don't we call it on this one and
do some quick ones because we saw the
benchmarks it's probably fine yeah it's
probably fine all right sure all right
we're calling that a pass even though
the performance kind of sucks and it's
pretty pretty pretty jittery okay what's
next uh other drive if we want to you
already
switched yeah we're back to our our OG
dri the games yeah you're on drive two
which is yeah I'm on drive two yeah
that's good Psychonauts Psychonauts
let's do
it I know that one was asked for
Psychonauts one uh yes okay I'm going to
close you play in the background oh
that's smart okay here we
go my knots are psycho
boy game was unable to create the direct
3D device I'm sure
device is going to run though
um that was a pretty quick fail come on
this is the worst like this game almost
definitely would work if it would just
let us start
it yeah mine's already launched this is
a great game by the way well F I love
Psychonauts I'm not going to get to play
it well not on your laptop anymore yeah
no
okay uh what's next valheim stardew
Valley stardew Valley all right
sure you can play this on a Tesla it
better be able to play on here well you
can also play cyber Punk on a Tesla
depending on if you got the Tesla that
was after the ones that didn't play
cyber Punk but before the ones that
didn't play cyber punk what yeah they
stopped putting AMD gpus in them so they
just were like oh yeah that thing we
talked about a lot you don't get that
cool also did you see that uh it's
official as of I think last week they're
admitting now that Hardware 3.0 can't do
full self driving ever
nice I really like how there were a
whole bunch of articles of being like
the EV Market's tanking everything's so
bad nobody likes EVS or wants them but
when you look at it nobody wants
Teslas yes the the whole EV Market grew
except Tesla sales dropped by like 12
13% and then another five the next
quarter yeah and that's enough to bring
down the entire market right even though
like Hyundai Kia bunch of other people
are having more sales it's pretty funny
do you see vws planning to double their
ID Buzz
production no yeah I I want one so bad
that thing looks hot they bought rivan
which will be
interesting yeah speaking of things I
really want I know someone who had some
ruy in stock and who is pretty happy
right now I imagine yeah anyway uh Co-op
sure I've never played stard Valley
you've never oh this is one of the best
games ever I'm going to host okay host a
new Farm okay
uh name uh what's his name
chat for first person that says
something oh goodness don't let them do
it come on
chat
Jim Farm name uh LTT store.com nice
favorite thing uh
screwdriver like we're going to skip the
intro I would also settle for like a
normal sized brick that just has a USBC
that I could just plug into this it
thanks Tanner oh no I selected cat as my
preferred
animal what cats are awesome they're not
as good as dogs oh agree to disagree
okay
okay I'm hosting a multiplayer game how
do I get you in
here invite code
that connection failed nice uh let's see
if I did not manage to touch type it oh
God where' it
go oh
no oh
no friends only invite friend are you my
friend no I'm not your friend oh darn
well I am but I'm not logged into that
show invite code
oh wait let me hide it show invite code
oh I showed
it oh okay well maybe I can beat
them let's see if I won I think I won
yes I got it y okay what do I do which
one new farmer I guess okay okay all
right we're both in we got
this unnamed farm hand all right it
seems to work what's my
name uh
let's see let's go back
um Ike okay I'm Ike the lady and my
favorite thing is I like
iking oh I just I moved this rug uh well
that's good oh okay WD sure no problem I
got parip seeds I got uh me too uhhuh
good all right let's go see mayor
Lewis uh
oh oh oh my God the Farm's a mess uh
yeah this is
horrible because how do I put the
parsnip seeds down just put it in your
inventory I can't I can't it oh yeah
there we go okay how do I can
I if I right click it is that doing
something leaves are coming off it what
are yeah pick pick up a tool there you
go a bit a b a bit a I fight you
I don't think PVP is a thing oh okay
that makes sense well it's running it is
running so running this game is a thing
that seems like a win yep okay we got
another pass have you experienced any
weirdness or unusual behavior solid
60fps heck
yeah all right what's next ano 1800
that's another you play game uhit it's
in steam or wait we're already logged
into you play though but you don't own
it or wait but you logged into the Ben
account we'll see let's
see I love Ubisoft so much have you
played ano no oh okay all right we're in
my terrain
now
turf turf a Turf a kind of
terrain yeah I guess
so that and
surf Turf and surf yeah
in uh in Taiwan the they had like the
menu when we Google translated it and it
translated surf and turf to land and sea
Critical
Strike it's a good move I recommend
using it when you want to
win all right come on
Ubisoft it's it's
trying that's what I get for closing you
play in the background
merch message yeah you got anything for
us
chewy I'm also going to start installing
valheim cargo pants
update I don't
know you could you can ask someone on
the team oh wait wait no I do know I do
know those are in production which means
that they should be like weeks away as
opposed to months away and I'm very
excited about them because those cargo
pants are awesome and I really like
them I once again absolutely killed you
with just opening
Ubisoft yeah why are you able to launch
things so much faster than me cuz his
computer's
faster like it just as far as benchmarks
go is a faster computer yeah but like by
the okay if this game runs I'll be
pretty
impressed technically it is optimized to
run on like mobile graphics and stuff
but when you crank it up it can it can
be very demanding as well also valheim
already
installed all right press any button to
start the game uh just do a
scenario scenario scenario
whatever I'm sorry I'll drive my
car drive my car begin car off the roof
uh begin SC yeah
yeah synchronizing your Sav the cloud
bloody hell what is this thing
doing go
faster are you hot or something like I
don't care about Cloud saves right now
just launch I guess do you have high
performance mode I guess do I have high
performance mode we haven't even checked
that yeah performance wasn't really the
point today I'm going performance Mode
best performance okay best performance I
don't think that's going to make yeah I
don't
either set
sale
wow my game did not finish
launching I've got 50 FPS but she's
chugging oh wow those 7% lows yeah okay
like I said about the game being
demanding when you zoom in it can be
pretty demanding depending on how how
much like pedestrian activity you have
and stuff like that so I wouldn't
necessarily overthink that
yet you can skip this these are
skippable I believe yeah there you go
yay
okay it seems to be
working Return of the
relics okay options
uh hello l l l low this all seems fine
uh the one thing you're going to want to
change in
gameplay
is where is
it camera go
down yeah
thanks what what the crap I thought it
was in
gameplay no I'm pretty sure it's in
gameplay what are you looking for in
controls uh there's a thing that allows
you to zoom the camera farther out
which can also be quite demanding and is
a just game changer for control increase
camera distance there it is restart
required yeah it requires you to restart
which is the stupidest thing
ever meanwhile I still how's Intel doing
over there successfully launched this
game which is sort of mind-blowing to me
there here it is here it
is here she goes
come on it'll restart it'll restart yeah
it's reliable like
that oh man there's so many things
people want us to play in
[Music]
here uh no no give it a sec give it a
sec give it a sec yeah all
right all right and my game is long
launched yay go team
Intel it looks great I will change some
settings
now this is awesome all right 1920 x
1080 hey there we go and I'm not even
going to try direct X12 because even
though I'm on Arc and that would
probably be better it's dx12 I tried
launching it in this game many times or
I tried um
setting it to direct X12 many times and
I've had problems every single time like
it just won't launch I have to go into
the game.ini file and like change the
thing is really frustrating okay so
vsync is off did you change your
settings in here at all nope
oh okay well uh I think it was all like
that like it was all just low okay I'm
just I'm going to set it to low I'm
going to turn off
vsync and then
okay okay let's see oh yeah you need to
restart yes I do so we can at least see
if this works yeah you can do some stuff
what am I doing well you got to zoom out
so you can actually see anything yeah
there you go okay I have no idea what
this scenario is
so yeah cool you're definitely going to
need to settle an island first arrow
keys uh I mean yeah you could do
that I usually just use the mini map to
move
around so I'm getting 60 FPS here I'm
getting suspiciously 60 FPS here yeah do
you have vsync on I don't
know you do on the
right
goodbye please don't require game
restart
nice that was close okay yeah build a
trading Trading Post to settle on an
island you got to go get your
ship3 go find an
island oh my God Escape there you go uh
just select your
ships there you go and just go get yeah
set sale okay what scenario did you do
here what no no you can't set that
island is settled sir you're going to
have to go find a okay okay what what
was it
called uh what What scenario are you in
I don't know I I just clicked the thing
seriously um I think it might be that
one I don't know it doesn't matter I'm
just going to I'm just I'm apparently
building a damn so fine okay you're
going to have to find an island that
does not have a settlement on it what
the crap is this okay so go over here I
guess it's
fog but you're not at War so it's just
fog all right bu come over here we need
to find
Island but not any of the islands that
have been settled apparently yeah don't
worry you got
this I really don't know that I do I I
think this game might be running about
as well for you as it is for me oh wow
maybe even better maybe even better that
is pretty
cool I do have occasional I you have
occasional lows that are kind of bad too
it it's looking the
same I'm getting
66 68 I might be beating it while I'm
just in Open Water right
now yeah
uh still that's that's probably not
going
to help you much to be in Open Water
like I am pretty
impressed how do I man I oh there we go
okay a water pump I found an unsettled
Island honestly this seems comparable
enough that I wouldn't be bothered yeah
this looks like it's working great by
the issues that's freaking
awesome all right okay you can play ano
1800 we haven't tried at high details or
anything like that but you can
definitely play the game that's a win
yeah what's next valheim valheim let's
do
it I'm not closing you play this
time because then I might have to launch
it
again that was painful
uh Play valheim Here We Go I mean that
was quick that's promising
yep good Lord was that ever
quick I'm going to catch up I can feel
it I can feel it in my
bones
maybe nope oh oh what was that oh no oh
oh there's only three games games that I
play this is a whole third of my gaming
repertoire yeah every time I see him pop
up on Steam it's like playing
valheim ooh that's not good
oh not good not good
sir all right I'm going
performance vsync off
okay oh man oh I can't do it
more like fail
Dragon uh start that's
tragic
uhoh third try no no I'm going to try it
using Vulcan what that's not going to
help it's definitely not going to
help sorry brother yeah this is big sad
right
here all right I think that's one for
the fail tally Dan yeah all right you
should have our screens up like as much
as
possible ah
sadness did it crash oh it's definitely
doing some crashing things well should
we try the other game that I play yeah
so far Elden ring noo valheim noo the
only other game that I play is rocket
League oh boy
this computer dang it uh it's on the
account though so you should be able to
launch it even if mine needs an epic
game store account or whatever well I
just mean like it needs to get installed
oh it rocket league is 28 gigs now I
guess so oh man it's on the other drive
it's on the other drive drive drive swap
let him oh yeah I haven't Drive swapped
yet yeah let him try rocket League while
I wait for my valheim world to create
this is a freaking slow laptop Alex
like I'm wonder how many performance
sces does this have only like four or
something I'm wondering if this thing
just needs a restart or something at
this point because this is
painful 16 total I forget how many are
what which is really annoying I think
it's four course oh wait yeah you can
tell because of the stop it you can tell
because they have hyperthreading at
least in this generation they did so I
have 22 threads total which means no six
of them are performance course no excuse
you got six performance cores you should
be
working yeah I'm finally loaded into
this world so wait do I want that one or
this one this for me oh
neat hi Vance what can I do for you
leave something in
there
weird I feel cold not as cold as
Alex yeah big sad so what are you going
to do just just like carry a gaming
laptop with you as well when you
travel or you can just like play the
games that work yeah but which games of
your games you play work that's your
problem right now uh we'll have to try
like Hollow night oh my God you can only
play so much Hollow night though that's
true silk song's never going to happen
Dan my fists improve skill get over here
neck
boom fist skill improved now I will jump
and I will run and jump all right do you
want to try rocket League I I may not be
able to try rocket league but I'm very
sure that it'll run on Intel Graphics go
ahead and launch it uh because this one
I might need an epic game store account
and I just don't dealing with that oh I
apparently have it on this account
already if you're not familiar rocket
League used to be on Steam and then epic
uh bought the developer s something
pionic yeah cionic and made it epic gam
store exclusive but if you already owned
it on Steam then you can have it in your
Steam account and it's free so there's a
bunch of Smurfs now and crap like that
it's great oh yeah the game has only
gotten worse cool with time I love it
when that happens yeah thank you epic
games you know who actually did a great
job of acquiring a game and not screwing
it up who Facebook
look yeah you heard me what did they
acquire they acquired beat games maker
of beat
saber and they created uh or not created
they they allowed uh in Steam they allow
you to select a beta path mhm that is
just the version of the game that all
the mods are for and then it just never
updates they recognize that I'm not
going to buy new song packs I don't care
about new features and I just want my to
work and so I just select that beta
branch and it just works cool it's
awesome so they can have all their
microtransaction Tom Foolery and I
cannot care about it and we can just
mutually agree to exist in completely
separate Lanes oh you have to do the
tutorial seriously you should use the
controller
okay well in the meantime why don't you
get your settings dialed in I think
they're fine
enough I'll just go to play
offline exhibition
sure oh I have 1% lows of like
seven okay she's a little she's a little
choppy this is a game where frame pacing
matters a lot
that's one way
of
um
yeah what's funny is I'm having some
issues of my own over here I've run into
this a fair bit in rocket League
especially on portable gaming devices
where are my resolution
options oh yeah I've had that problem
too uh you just stop the game and then
start it again well that's really
annoying
yeah are you on high quality I'm on
quality frames per second uncapped all
right uh render detail quality uh yeah
okay antias saying
off uh I think I have FXAA on oh
okay low or medium or high uh low okay
apply okay this is really obnoxious I
really really don't like
this
um please just let me change it okay I
guess I get to relaunch the game which
takes forever on this
machine man I forget what the issue I
used to have with all the time on on
portable devices was right right right
right right it would let you set the
resolution but it would look like trash
do you know what I'm talking about no
where it would obviously be running at
like
13 that
resolution I dude I ran into it so many
times so frustrating okay is this
playable I just own gold that was my
fault though
yeah I don't know the the pacing is
really hard like I'm missing some stuff
where it's just
like I just missed it I don't know what
that was like I you're right like a
frame was missing there that's that's
just how that happens sometimes okay
never mind then that was just a pinch on
the kickoff okay I don't know it just
looked like I didn't really see exactly
what happened
though yeah like at times it's
just like it looks mostly fine but it
feels really bad if that makes
sense okay well mine's working now so
let's have a look at what the relative
performance is like it was playoff line
exhibition and then did you just well if
you're in we can Just One V one now I
think oh my God yeah
okay fortunately the competition today
is who gets the best frame rate not who
uh scores the most goals so private
match uh yes create land match okay sure
create match uh name Alex password this
sure cool I'll see you there loser at
frame rates
and definitely not
score can't use this
password did people figure out this
password
no youer
nice oh crap I jumped well and I'm
dead so how are you doing a lot more
frames yeah that's a lot a lot more
frames yep yeah get wrecked son okay I
am not g to let you do that this time oh
you did it you boosted
sense I did not boost I forgot about
that it's fine I'm just going to boost
the whole way and then surely you will
not be able to do anything about it
except that I
suppose stop it stop it no dang
it okay I'm really bad at Rocket league
in case that wasn't self-evident I'm
also really bad at Rocket shut up
there's degrees of really bad look
you're going to score right here no I'm
really not that's the
problem wow you
aren't what a
dick oh man absolutely
brutal absolutely brutal no okay you
should be up like 5- Z by now based on
how bad I am at Rocket League I'm gonna
blow him up oh I missed how did I miss
I'm upside down I don't know how to flip
back around I think we've seen enough
this is actually like not too bad okay
so what it was just having more players
in the match that was the
problem
maybe I'm going to score this time for
sure dang it I mean that counts as a
shot on goal is that how easy I am to
defend I'll try to just you know I'll
just boost more no I missed oh no
no
really there's no Rage
Quit hey but that's one game that runs
even if it's not a perfect experience so
you have something you can play y okay
what's next chewy uh I think we get uh
lus to do a drive Swap and then we can
do
crisis I do have crisis
okay you know what I'm trying for the
eject without closing
steam things are getting real now boys
here we go boom is this just going to
come right up for me I believe I
believe here we go here we go here we go
here we
go uh uh
it's
on oh oh
oh oh
nice wow that was really smooth so you
want what crisis You Don't Own
It crisis the first
yeah
uh okay how much is this going to cost
me I'm not going to pay a lot for crisis
one guys 10 bucks
wait included with
what uh okay I'll switch accounts I own
it on my personal account I think I own
it too nice should I just fire it up and
see what happens I said go for
it good night Tanner good night have a
good Eve we're on our own now boys
uh merch message yeah you got anything
for
us hey D how powerful you guys think
this switch two is going to be over
under versus steam deck Z1 extreme Ste
steam deck or steam Z1 extreme equipped
handhelds I think it's going to be
pretty similar to the steam deck in
terms of raw grunt actually um I think
it's Amper based the rumors are that the
hardware has been basically done for at
least a year um and which kind of make
sense if you consider Nintendo's
priorities right Hardware versus gaming
experiences I think if anything they're
sitting there letting this thing cook
for as long as they need to let it cook
to deliver on like an outstanding
library of games that compel people to
upgrade from the Nintendo switch one um
all of this is based of course on that
rumors are accurate and that switch to
is essentially just going to be a SQL
switch um I think that the per the real
world performance of it is going
to feel better than it actually is
though because it's going to be Nvidia
based if everything that we've seen is
accurate so that means we're going to
have like much better upscaling than
than we've seen on the AMD powered
handouts that we've had so far I I don't
know I'm bullish on switch 2 I'm
actually kind of excited for it Oliver's
napping which is fine we didn't end up
needing a camera operator for much of
today sorry Oliver wor about
it hey look the next time you're having
a day like one of those ones we had in
uh at
computex um you know you can think back
to this day and be like ah that wasn't
that bad was it sure I think my Game
just
crashed on do you need to restart to
full screen no
huh that's a that's a negatory have to
have tried it like you can't build a
laptop and not have it run
crisis is there a game to load like I
know it's not a super popular
game uh it's super not a super popular
game Alex I really don't think they
tried
this what they have to no they don't
have to someone at Qualcomm has to have
asked will it play crisis and the answer
has to be
yes I really don't think that either of
the things you just said are true
though someone
there has
to well we know someone at Intel did
mine's
working do I try to full screen it again
unique username in float plane says I
agree with Alex
yeah well we're going to find out I
guess I'm on all medium right now uh
yeah just turn off motion blur that's
the only thing I changed oh yeah gross
yeah and then under
Graphics uh yep that's it just full
screen cool full screen well full full
screen broke it last time let's see if
that's
repeatable H yes okay so going full
screen causes the game to go away so
that's
something we have learned that now for
sure uh Hey chewy do you know if this
can be
skipped no idea because mine's almost
done let's see what Chad says but we're
gonna have to sit through Alex's now
which is
annoying uh
oh what YouTube chat says yeah this game
is broken this game is broken and
apparently no this cannot be
skipped well let's find out
Nvidia and Intel yeah Core 2 extreme
let's
go I guess I could have YouTube
chat yeah it's tolerable
sometimes oh I definitely have Flo plane
chat thank you no no problem I'm here
for you
man my frame view has just disappeared a
while
ago that's
interesting uh yep you get to sit
through all of that yay I love
unskippable intro
cinematics they are great I know have
YouTube chat
thank you Eduardo for saying your
mom yeah so that's YouTube chat for
you uh chewy do you have any merch
messages for
us go ahead and hit us feel free to just
jump in if you feel a
LOL finally getting my hands on a o to
screwdriver what collabs for schemes
might be coming soon or would you like
to see for the screwdriver or other
merch
items oo
I don't know I mean noctua was the only
really obvious one to me what's funny is
the the subreddit actually predicted
both the nocta one and the Retro One oh
um how did they get
retro I don't know like noct was easy
like of course we're going to do that
they predicted them after we pitched
them internally but before we actually
finalized our plans to do it oh both of
them do we have a
mole I mean that's a possibility I
hadn't actually considered but yeah I I
maybe what do they G Karma
yeah yeah don't forget about stock in
Reddit okay I'm going to try to relaunch
frame View and see if I can get that to
work hello frame view are you going to
low plane saying that Elijah leaked it I
don't even think Elijah
yeah I don't think so yeah that that
does not check out float plane
chat good try
though yeah they're all saying it's
Elijah oh man why is this I like how
completely dark this is too with YouTube
compression this is probably just not
even a thing
uh no that's normal Well mine's nothing
but like yours is probably not a game
right now can they see anything y okay
yeah I'm falling Now by Parachute um
failed nice which is good that's what's
supposed to happen
yeah how's uh yours doing do we have any
confirmation that it is actually
rendering anything
yet I think it is yeah it's just really
dark okay I'll meet you on the beach
then cool seven days
later here we
go ooh
okay hey she kind of she kind of pulled
it together a little bit there
yeah all right fell out of plane yeah
this appears to be working as long as
you don't go full screen and you're okay
having that bar at the top yeah that's
fine you'll forget about it pretty fast
I mean it's pretty annoying it's an OLED
panel so you'll just have crisis dx10
burned permanently into your monitor
that is that that is not a sales pitch
sir
that's it feels fine actually like this
this feels good yeah let's wait till you
get on the beach I'll meet you
there there we go his shoot failed we're
a few seconds out yep can we go see the
turtles there's Turtles here right um I
think so you know what's actually a
really good play
what Far Cry Far Cry 1 it's still good I
believe that yeah and if you play it on
a modern processor it's really
hard I you mean I didn't realize until I
was on like the third last level or
something there's one that's like a
driving sequence level mhm and there was
the segment I I couldn't get past like
every time no matter how quickly I like
sniped everyone in Tower no no matter
how perfectly I played it I couldn't get
past it I was like dang I beat this when
I was like you know 15 or whatever like
I you know like yeah I'm playing on
maximum difficulty now but come on man
so I looked it up and the AI tick rate
is tied to
FPS and this was a game that absolutely
crushed every computer when it came out
so I'm running this game at like six
times the expected difficulty in terms
of like how quickly they notice you how
quickly they aim at you how quickly they
fire um the fact that I got that far
actually I was I was
pretty and I um and I actually noticed
after that single player playthrough
like I dropped into a couple of
multiplayer games and I was like oh man
I'm like I'm trained up
brother anyway yeah it's a good game
still okay Sor what' you find are we are
we going go up the beach a dog dog I can
pick it up that's not a I pick it up oh
stop I found a dog wait where's my
turtle why oh my god turle oh there's my
turtle I got
him no he's coming with me I put mine
back in the sea where he
belongs okay here we
go I can run with my turtle maximum
run uh the game gets bright later chewy
no I'm saying on the FL it looks like
Alex's G yeah mine just looks way
brighter oh really oh weird yeah they
look the same in person guys that is
yeah that's not right no in person mine
looks brighter what it does look at it
if you're in a completely different
place where there's light just a second
let me catch
up no it's just overall yeah hold on
hold on exact same spot no we're not in
the exact here here here here here watch
watch this watch this
what dang it what are you even doing
you're trying to throw a turtle at him
yeah but I don't know where the turtle
went oh my God that's not going to
work oh right I forgot this game's
actually really hard so you need to
actually fight a
lot oh crap this bothered me okay you
know that was feeling really
good until I started fighting oh does
she chug
uh something just doesn't feel right
once you start
shooting I don't have any Frame data so
it's kind of hard to
say I could also just be
bad that seems
likely Okay jump on
mine here we'll just switch spots real
I'm I'm definitely dropping frames but
it's like not very often oh this is
awful okay yeah play it on there and
you'll be like oh yeah wow yeah no no
you're I think you're just compensating
with gamer skills over here cuz this is
really bad yeah like this is night and
day this is a completely different
experience right
now
technically I think we kind of have to
call this a pass by our sort of
definition of does it run at all but
this is what I would consider to be kind
of a half fail like I'm playing this
game with chug tastic frame rates with a
giant white bar across the top cuz I
can't full screen it properly L yeah I I
think that's a half a fail but we're not
due for it to be a fail so we'll call it
a pass but if we come across another
half fail then that's a fail yeah for
our fail tracker all right cool I think
I've had enough of that okay what's next
city skylines one and or two you can
pick City
skylines all
right City Skylands yayay
what do you think what are our odds here
I think it's going to do it
yeah for mature people wait I thought
that's a game you play oh yeah I play
this loads yeah well I did play it loads
right okay and then the second one came
out and it was actually like kind of
awful and then I just stopped playing oh
did they lose you they it lost a lot of
people there were more people playing
City skylines
one than there are people playing like
one and two combined after the launch of
two I believe that's pretty
rough one again yeah cuz it's the
absolute worst kind of uh sequel where
they add in a bunch of nice things that
make it hard to go back to the first one
but it's broadly just
broken H are they still working on it
are they going to get there there we'll
see there still is time but I don't know
that I still have faith
o uh I'm just going to play anyway oh I
mean
wow you were able to Jump Right In
pretty
easily uh do we just go new game uh is
there like scenarios or anything like
that
I are there scenario
if I go to new game choose scenario oh
there are
scenarios see I think I have some DLC
stuff in here so we'll find out what uh
okay where do I see scenar new game yep
CH scenario perfect yeah okay you don't
have any of them oh perfect well sweet
why don't you pick something I have how
about fix the traffic oh do you have
that no it says buy oh
go to choose map oh balls oh yeah just
choose map choose map okay we'll just
find something do you have is there
anything that that's already got stuff
built on it oh wow there's so many
expansions yeah there there's a lot of
expansions
uh well we just want to know if it runs
right so I don't know Cliffside Bay uh
sure sure start
they really want to see Minecraft yeah I
just saw a bunch of Minecraft as well
God but then we need the Minecraft
launcher come on you guys you're killing
me
here I feel like Tanner did get
Minecraft we have Minecraft dungeons on
the list
uh no I don't think we're going to do
Minecraft
dungeons okay well I'm getting some fpss
I also loaded into the game before you
which seems to be a bad sign cuz
normally I really don't unless yours is
going to
crash wait wait for it wait for it I'm G
to make a road it's going to go
here come
on oh she's in she's not fast let's look
at the settings mine looks bad options
Graphics e mine's not running at 1080p
yeah mine wasn't either don't think
apply that looks way better okay but
what frame rate are you
getting
[Laughter]
30 oh yeah it's like 30 but it's really
not it's
struggling I don't know if it's enough
to call it a fail well especially like
this game you don't really
need a whole
lot you take that back
now the issue though is that like you're
just on an empty Bay right
now yes the second you actually have a
sizable City like dude not cool yeah
probably won't be
great I don't know if it's enough for us
to call it a fail but I don't love it
yeah Alex could Lo up a scenario yeah I
guess I could just sure why why don't
you do that because it's clear that it's
running fine on mine there's no
emulation so there's no reason to expect
it to not continue to run well let's do
our old Benchmark this one's really
heavy oh okay so this is worst case
scenario you're asking a lot
it is the whole GTA map in City
skylines
okay come on dude you can do it you can
do it I don't think it can do it it can
do it I don't think it can do it it'll
do it and then it'll work for 16 hours
or whatever without a
charge I don't think I believe you
you it'll be
great and now we're testing it has
better batter life than a
Macbook not this one we actually haven't
tested this one specifically but but the
HP did HP did yeah pretty
impressive I wish that HP was just
slightly better what's wrong with it the
screen it's 300 its peak brightness and
it's just not
enough it is like a low power one watt
panel which is why pretty cool it's so
great one watt it yeah something like
that what yeah that's also why this
thing has so much battery life right
super low wattage panels that's his
dragonfly that he always nerds about
yeah I'm sad that I'll have to not use
it for a bit oh this isn't bad at all I
mean I wouldn't describe it as great
well but like this is like pretty normal
like you have a big city you expect her
a chuggy chug this is It's Working okay
this is actually fine
I mean it's not great no this is
great this game chugs hard dude your 1%
lows are four
FPS it's 13 that's actually fine for
this game in a city this big all right
like look at this thing massive I mean
that is pretty
cool if Alex says it's good enough then
it's good enough for me okay one sec it
wasn't simulating
uhoh no fine it's uhoh it chugs at times
but I would say it is playable like
let's throw down a road here
sure maybe a whole
highway too steep not enough money dang
it yeah I apparently have negative $34
million
cool all right well I guess I can't put
down roads so your cities run just like
a real
City yeah go
deficit but uh it's working okay I think
this is fine okay let's call this one a
pass then yeah all right what's next
Fallout New
Vegas Fallout New Vegas let's go we have
it yep
sweet oh God NET Framework 3.5 here we
go Oliver I think you can probably just
call it yeah I was talking with that I'm
off in like two minutes all right see
you later have a good night thanks
city planner plays is in YouTube chat
says LOL better on this team deck to be
honest I don't not believe
you can your steam deck do
this um
notepad what are you even what are you
even doing I'm using a real keyboard
okay and yes it
can I mean you have to plug it in but
yes it can it's not the same uh okay are
you launching Fallout what was I doing
oh yeah
Fallout New Vegas yay we have
it I bet you're still going to beat me
to
launch oh God we'll detect your video
hardware and set options accordingly
ultra high quality let's go yeah ultra
high quality is
720p okay also what kind of random
number is 15 samples for an isotropic
filtering actually you know what I want
to do next Skyrim oh what's it going to
detect ultra
high okay here's what I settled on uh
1080p 415 HDR no
vsync get your vsync bottom
left there we go and then
Advanced oh God yeah this cell seems
fine yeah view distance
Max just making sure yeah yeah yeah this
all seems fine okay all right here we go
plan on
Ultra play on core
Ultra boom got
him oh
man yeah where did frame view go I don't
know it just disappears sometimes it was
in the last
game where did it
go I'm open you back
up good luck I don't think it's going to
come up dang it sometimes it does take a
minute let's good to new
uh let's see we both have continue maybe
there's a benchmark or something would
continue
continue I'm continuing all right I'm
hitting continue no valid save game
found
nice no I appear to have had one uh okay
oh and did it crash it crashed
uhoh
uhoh what is mine doing is this oh
okay uh yes I'm starting a new game
can I skip this
nice all right apparently that's
normal sure nor all right it
crashing oh it's aest game that's
fair so I'll just go to continue
again uh
sure yeah actually let's just go to new
cuz then we know that we'll be in the
same spot
sure I'm going to
pause you can skip this it's an old
enough game that here uh
a ah no Fallout New
Vegas no
dice yeah everyone's just saying this is
New Vegas problems I don't know mine's
working it is working on yours yeah
sorry guys
guys all right I want to see Elder
Scrolls Skyrim all right let's do
it this is a game special edition or the
other one uh special edition
okay Ultra quality hell
yeah Ultra nice uh TAA yeah
okay Skyrim sorry this is a game
oh this is the kind of game where if you
can play Skyrim you have hundreds of
hours of fun on your laptop hundreds of
hours of just installing mods yeah can
you have hundreds of hours of cheese
rolling down a
hill that is the best video that this
channel has ever uploaded oh come
on why is my mouse not showing up did my
mouse die I I think my mouse might have
run out of battery while we were working
on this well but it the light should be
going off
exactly and it
isn't I should have a charging cable uh
oh here you go oh what a
guy uh I'm just going to go to continue
sure and I will probably be on the
cheese Rolling Hill oh my God
I'm
not all right that explains why my mouse
wasn't working
before man I have to start a new game
why do I not have mouse and keyboard
yeah like it's actually just not working
at all okay so it's not just me maybe
maybe it's not that my mouse wasn't
charged oh okay I'm going new game I
hate controllers
except for the games where they're
really
good I did try moving the touchpad guys
it wasn't working either I don't know
what's going on here oh please let me
skip
this how you doing over there that looks
playable not
great yeah at times it's kind of gross
but you're playing at Ultra quality yeah
are you going to block it all or you
just going to I I tried just going to
take it like a
man there we
go can I take a
sword you know how do I get my menu I
don't think that the experience is
materially better on mine Alex yes I'm
outdoors and that's probably impacting
performance a little
but I'm in the sort of I'm seeing lows
that are in the 30 FPS range I'm seeing
highs that are in the 40ish FPS range
yeah that sounds pretty
similar this seems like a pass to me
yeah I think you can play Skyrim knock
it down a little it'll it should be fine
cool yeah well that's awesome all right
what's next oh I got some pheasant
tasty Street Fighter 6
um I am completely locked okay here we
go yeah yeah
yeah desktop yes yes yeah that was weird
do we have Street Fighter okay well my
mouse works Street Fighter 6 update
install on five oh you don't have it oh
wait six try try clicking update there
okay yep we're good to go all
right let's see what we got what's our
tally at oh yeah I feel like we just had
a a couple fails in a row but we did get
Skyrim 14 yeah 14 to 25 actually because
this will be your
25th so if this passes you'll have you
know 15 to 25 which about
56%
wow I don't know I don't know what I
expected if they had not talked about
how great the emulation was and how
seamless it was and how gaming would be
a thing I think I would be blown away
that this many games
worked but after they talked about it I
feel like I'm more
disappointed I feel like this is exactly
what I expected
like half of the stuff exactly 60% 60%
okay I'm going to
agree I think this just completely comes
down to expectation management for me
yeah if they' said yeah not they're not
gaming laptops don't you know you're not
gaming on them well they did say that
and then well yeah but they
also talked about you know how great the
gaming is yeah yes so if they had just
not mentioned it at all and we've been
sitting here doing this stream and been
like what you can play games on these
things man well they did say you can
play games from this list of games that
you can play that is true whereas we are
not adhering to the list of games that
you can play will anyone ever adhere to
that list of games no they'll want to
get other stuff working of course okay
what am I what's supposed to be
happening right now
hello oh man if you press start then you
can skip it can I yeah oh look at that
beautiful all right
uh how hard is it to just one in jump in
I just want to jump in fighting ground
what am I looking at what is this you
just need a faster laptop oh my
God okay yeah go to the right to the
fighting ground there we go all right
heck yeah uh oh there we
go wait what you have to do a
tutorial oh yeah there you
go uh sure I'm just going to Button Mash
I have Street Fighter experience classic
type let's go
okay what are you looking at for
performance uh it's saying 30 and
30 uh oh am I beating you what what do
you mean beating me oh oh in terms of
frame rate yeah I think they're both
locked at
30 it really does look like it's locked
at why would it be
30 I don't know is there something this
game at 30 is there something arcadey
about 30 not it's in slow motion
ah I thought that was just because of
the
tutorial probably
is normal attacks oh my God I said I had
Street Fighter
experience jumping do I press a no I
press up cool I did
it okay okay success
lordy uh do you have any merch messages
for us I I think it's running fine
though okay no
worries I'll just have a look at regular
chat whyb will perform a medium attack
nice frame rate is capped
yep impossible Street Fighters All About
It
FPS
okay we good come on give me 60
FPS okay yeah me kick sweep the leg
sweep the leg anything under 16 of
fighting gam is unplayable yeah
oh my goodness there
finally are you almost
through yes okay oh my God
[Laughter]
block come on come
on unskippable tutorials ban
them
okay we
good come on wait did I not block
successfully oh my
God okay I
successed this is painful
yeah oh I got
hit I'm clearly the kind of idiot that
this is designed to prevent from showing
up in multiplayer and bothering
everybody I missed it
again I'm so bored game don't make me do
this okay there we go
nice I'm not the only one I'm just going
to spam it oh
man
a oh
okay oh no they're saying please lower
the settings I don't think it's the
settings I think it's just this oh
man okay he's going to try to throw me
I'm going to am supposed to do get the
block not jump over yeah low block low
block what do I low block I I didn't
read the thing I clearly should have all
right
success you just have to press down and
left right as he's about to hit both of
them special
moves I'm dying right
now I am
dying okay I'm going to
see oh wait next
guide
nope
throws all right can I get through this
next guide all
right oh my
God all right next
guide that yeah just just start spamming
next guide I'm in special moves now wait
you can next guy oh
oh
nice oh my god oh no next guy oh no this
game is
painful this is
unbelievable oh I hit
return oh no I'm about ready to ult F4
level two special arts no I'm going to
make
it okay
the drive
cage oh
man this is painful you are throwing so
much at a new player that they couldn't
possibly possibly hope to retain all of
this and if you have someone who already
knows this stuff you are bothering them
so much
yeah I'm Al four yep all right I think
we're done here you know what I'm
calling it a pass this is The Game's
problem not qual problem okay what's
next Halo 2 Anniversary through the uh
Master Chief collection we might have to
do what's it called mods and limited
services so M MCC anti-che
disabled I'm going I'm going to try it
just normal just for fun
yeah okay Halo 2 here we go I don't know
if we'll get Halo 2 we might have to do
reach I believe this only installs with
reach and then you have to go into the
game and install them manually oh that
makes sense and then you load it up and
then your one friend didn't actually
download it and then you just end up
playing reach anyway
so
relatable okay easy anti-che no problem
how's your easy antiche going over there
can I play this on arm 64 I'm guessing
have we tried an easy anti-che game yet
yep yep yep rip okay so what if you
disable
everything yeah let's see it's nice that
they give you the option yeah
straight in cool wow launched faster
than
me
a I love Microsoft so
much fatal error oh
no well it looks like you don't need to
do that anyway oh all right nope forget
about Master Chief Collection should we
show them infinite while we're at it I
mean that's not going to work it's going
to be a real lengthy one
here yep CPU not supported goodbye okay
I'm not counting that as two though I'm
still we'll just say one okay what's
next hell divers 2 hell divers 2 I can
tell you how this
goes this one has avx2
required
oh it also has a game guard whatever
that is is it are we even going to make
it past game
guard we might make it past game
guard oh you can bring up the
yeah I don't know well actually I do
know I know exactly how this is going to
go yep oh boy must support ABX
instructions to run this game okay
goodbye
okay oh this is rough dude
do we have hollow okay what's
next cyber
Punk cyber c punk do it all right update
cued going
in I realize I don't technically know
for sure I mean this is Arc right like
we've given them some passes just like
assumed it's going to work but doesn't
work on everything that is true hell
divers 2 work on
Arc I mean this all seems to be
running completely and
fine yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
how cyber Punk coming along continue
with out would count
play I think this should be
fine really cyber punk I think so I
would be pretty impressed with that
all right come on you can do
it I believe in the
Snapdragon I think cyberp Punk has like
an
in-game rendered
menu like Tomb Raider does um actually
no does it no it doesn't never mind I
lied
I helped thank you oh yeah hell divers
is running not
great but it works yeah it's chuggy
chugging for sure yep okay that's a pass
for
Intel all right
video it does have a benchmark Graphics
what are we at low low low low low uh
that makes sense yeah run Benchmark
let's see what happens
merch message oh yeah you got anything
for us are the flannels ever coming back
maybe probably not
though we should make new
flannel um what would you change uh no
pockets on the front really yeah you're
not a front pockets guy no all
sizes problem with the pockets is that
they make you look fat really
yeah oh okay cuz there's too much
material there and it makes it go
straight out so if you look at a lot of
people they'll be standing and then the
pocket just go like
that what if we could do the pockets
better or what about like every single
other shirt you just don't have pockets
there you have a pocket up here there's
a pocket there you can have two pockets
there
even or you could not have pockets and
you can just have the ones where you
like show your nipples when you flip up
the little
thing all right we'll get right on that
one fantastic this is playing this
is walking yeah it's
um it looks nice it's pretty this is a
pretty looking game at low
like that's one I saw some people saying
online a little while ago they were like
sounds credible
sorry I saw someone and I got annoyed
because they were like low settings in
games look so great these days it's so
incredible you can do on low settings
it's like no that just means you can't
play it on older stuff
like he's not
wrong okay I got a 18 FPS average yep
you sure did Billy you sure did and that
waset that was
upscaling ooh
I don't think there's can I turn
anything down I don't think there's much
for you to
do like you are not going to uh there's
some stuff there's some stuff
here low
off sure apply
oh
uh here I'm almost in the menu here let
me get caught up to you and then I'll
set it the same Ultra
performance no Dynamic resolution
scaling cuz then like the image quality
is changing all the time and we have no
way of knowing exactly what is like what
settings either machine is running at uh
if you're tuning in late there okay I'll
just turn it to off then we are running
an Intel machine so that's with a core
Ultra 7 155h versus a Snapdragon X Elite
machine so this is the uh Samsung
uh galaxy book 4 Edge galaxy book 4 Edge
man I'm going to 720p I was going to say
galaxy book Edge 4 again and then over
here I've got the Vivo book s from
Asus these are somewhat price is
comparable and what we are mainly
focused on is whether our Snapdragon
machine is going to be able to run the
various games that we're trying to play
okay so mine default is a ray tracing
low can you tell me what setting your
settled on uh so I told it to full
screen at 720p and now I can't open the
window again oh it seems pretty confused
yeah uh
huh well let's just uh close that there
let's try again say bye cheery good
night cheer good eve I wow Mine
defaulted to some pretty higher end
settings
here uh let's try this again
I am going to try the steam deck
preset I'm going to try it at
1080P and I'm going to see what happens
I I am not really expecting this to run
great you want to just run the Benchmark
yeah yes I
do okay well it launched again yeah
that's
something it seems like qualcom has some
issues with full screening games that
aren't the correct resolution
that's been a problem a couple times now
again though that to us says GPU drivers
and doesn't say emulation challenge yeah
necessarily
and emulating games is what we're mostly
interested in today because I think GPU
driver you know full screening that
that's something they can continue to
work
on man this really highlights what a
nightmare it would be to optimize the
platform for every game that exists like
we haven't even scratched the surface of
all the games that people are asking us
to run here in the chat haven't even
scratched the surface and that's without
people even Ming on us you know like
watch watch my dad shower simulator or
whatever like these pretty much
everything we've touched today has been
a legitimate game that people
legitimately play in in not small
numbers oh it's doing it again this
might be a fail this might be a fail
also mine is crushing it in performance
I'm running at steam deck preset which
has a bunch of stuff at medium and like
yeah yeah it's very playable I think
this might be a
fail um do we give it one more try well
remember we had one half a fail before
uh so this is our other half a fail this
is our other half a fail yep okay okay
we're going to have to cap this off at
some point here how many more games do
you guys want to do Grand Theft Auto 5
okay
oh that's a big deal yeah a lot of
people play this game lot of content in
Grand Theft Auto
5 are you going to try to launch GTA
online or you just going to go GTA 5
just GTA 5 GTA 5 here we
go I think we need to try banana as
well that's going to be your last one if
you do that
banana come on
guys oh my God Rockstar launcher I don't
care care I don't
care watch how much faster I'll install
it than you no I'm done I'm done buddy
oh there you forget
it well never mind then wait I'm not
done crud shoot I think you're ahead of
me no
no I thought I was doing so well I was
all
cocky um
oh my God I have to create an
account who
cares what can I just not apparently not
I thought you used to be able to just
not
yeah Grand Theft Auto
five that is what a bunch of jerks super
annoying oh man I see the Rockstar
account for LT Benchmark I see one for
our third account and one for our
primary account I do not see one for our
well can you show me the one for
sure
sure I believe you can just use any of
them oh really like I don't think it's
tied to a steam account I believe
they're just like the two or three
Rockstar accounts individually okay I'll
get it I'll get her
done this really highlights how many
bloody launchers and accounts there are
like we probably could have tested 50%
more games if we hadn't had to fight
with up play and Rockstar Games launcher
and various unskippable cut
scenes
tutorials oh yeah tutorials have been
killing us I need an account
verification number
now this is so
fun I love PC gaming
see I do but I also just am so
frustrated by its current state you
know this is where people are always
like oh you had the laptops for a week
why didn't you test 57 games on it and
it's
like
this it takes so long just to get into
the stupid things no it is
tied it's tied I can't uh Benchmark 3 is
on that computer so just switch over to
that oh sure I will do that ah how
convenient please CL oh I'm working on
it so dumb I mean yours is the more
important one anyway so
yeah full
screen uh that's a good size window
settings Graphics yeah that's the
resolution that we
want
nice man changing settings in this game
is so tedious I remember when this game
was a critical part of our Benchmark
suite and you'd have to go in you'd have
to change all the settings then you'd
have to like check them then you'd have
to like like the game would relaunch or
something I forget you'd have to go in
all a sudden would be different again
you check them again oh wow oh you guys
you guys missed out uh they aren't able
to see it but uh epilepsy warning oh
wait switch to the back cam epilepsy
warning are you on the back cam yeah
there you go uh I think that's going to
be a fail that's not great all right
uh cool
uh okay epilepsy safe now don't don't
show that
again wait is your machine just like I I
think she might be big mangled is she
off uh alt tab does nothing wind key
does nothing oh uh the laptop's not
coming up on um capture anymore I think
it's dead did
she it restarted okay you can go to the
back cam back cam quick quick
quick she's rebooting
boys wow that was
fun by far our most spectacular fail so
[Laughter]
far that was a good one wow that was
exciting man this stream was waiting for
some excitement like that hey thanks for
thanks for staying tuned in you
guys okay you guys got a couple more for
for us yeah let's see we've got Geometry
Dash no probably not
um TF2 War Thunder s days to die I think
TF2 probably in the same category as
Gary's Mod though oh so that' be kind of
boring n we can do it yeah
sure they're embroiled in a bit of
controversy at the moment yeah but I
thought they're I thought their player
counts like spiking again cuz they
banned a bunch of people yeah I think
they got on the
radar all right here we go
my back everything
working yeah you guys got capture for
him y cool
nice that was crazy oh is someone asking
for Elden ring it didn't work your game
up the it is
yes Alt Enter did not
work I've seen a lot of people asking
for BMG Drive should be give that a go
sure uh how's this going
uh it must be able to play
TF2 I would be pretty
surprised right glad you're enjoying the
stream CL
bigs I mean this is the kind of
exploratory stuff that we we
legitimately love to do but a lot of the
time there's no content in it so it's
like it's tough yeah uh it's like if
Alex came in and was like yeah for the
next two shifts for the next couple of
days I'm just going to sit and launch
games I'd be like okay like what are we
what are we doing with that exactly and
our TF2 ask comes with a merch message
too if you want oh sure hit me hi Lon
Alex and Dan first time with a merch
message do you think we'll uh finally
see a proper competitor from AMD in high
graphics cards next year oh we responded
to this one earlier the answer is
probably not oh sorry maybe you send it
in twice with two different
games that's not
good yeah I'm going to close this give
her one more shots we do allow one to
over but like it's Team Fortress too
I mean it ran Gary's Mod just fine yeah
TF2 has had a lot more updates than
Gary's Mod though and my understanding
is that the game is like a patchwork at
this
point
H this might be a surprising loss yeah I
did not see this one I didn't
either I think we need to try halflife 2
no we don't need to try halflife 2 if
you want to try another Valve game it
should be CS2 like when people
play okay left for
dead
um I love left for dead but I do not
think that that is a
particularly uh relevant game today
BG yeah we can do
BMG NG
rather no I don't think this is working
wow TF2 surprising l
y all right do we have
beam beam and G Drive heck
yeah do I really have to buy this launch
what is this again soft body physic okay
yeah yeah yeah I wonder if it's on like
Benchmark 2 I'll check it it's also
definitely on my Steam account
nice is it fun not really oh is it
interesting it is very interesting cool
all
right uh sure maybe I'll just grab it
then it's on sale sure
sure I think this has probably been the
most requested game today what BNG yeah
I've seen I've seen it a lot yeah so
many people talking about it okay
graphics
uh can I get my resolution correct
please oh displays up here I just didn't
even see
it we're going borderless apply display
settings
yay okay Graphics uh I'm going
low so this would be very CPU demanding
then yes okay but is is it using the CPU
for physics computer or is it oh my God
what is this okay launch not yeah just
launch sure okay or is
it is it using CPU compute for physics
or is it using I think it's using CPU oh
okay so maybe you'll have a rough go got
him it's thing she's got 12 real
cores what does yours have uh I think
six performance cores and then then
sorry what does it work out too uh I
think it's six performance eight
efficiency and two low power efficiency
or something like that
okay uh no I don't need online features
right now continue okay what do I do uh
I guess go to options first and let's
just make sure that those are absolutely
broadly the same okay Graphics normal I
went to low okay
low and then display just make sure it's
at 1080p you bet
okay oh it supports VR cool okay then
what do we do I don't know should we
just go to a scenario
yeah
uh I have no context for any of this
help
me you picked up a controller so I
assumed we were using a controller but
my controller doesn't appear to be
interfacing with it is that expect oh my
d-pad
works ah brilliant okay uh what about
litter Liberator with the Gambler 500
okay litter
Liberator okay pick up trash that's been
left over the island The Gambler 500's
sick it's a event down in Oregan and
Washington and stuff cool you just go on
a rally and by go on a rally I mean you
pick up a bunch of garbage and then you
get really
drunk I really want to
go oh and you're supposed to do the
rally in a car that's no more than $500
oh is that like a lemon rally wow yeah
it's like a lemon rally I would love to
do that I've always wanted to do a lemon
race and I love rally so I really want
to do 24 hours of lemons after the lemon
race is their L party cool uh I think so
I'm muting your
microphone okay we ready to start she's
chugging oh wow that is not
good uh I'm having lows of zero I'm
having lows of 4 my my car is not oh it
it came in I have a car now okay what do
I do do I just hit it how do I how do I
pick up garbage I don't know
uh okay do I maybe press oh that wasn't
it
uh uhhuh okay so this isn't really
important though so let's go
on yeah this area right here you want to
go by the C shirt yeah
and now let's just floor it into that
building that's right there a building
you see yeah okay and then we'll is
there an eere I can't I don't know maybe
a okay okay so yeah we're in about the
same spot hold on hold on I'm going back
up a bit I'm going back up a bit okay
okay which building are we trying to hit
I was thinking that building although
that isn't a super exciting building to
hit uh yeah we can hit any building you
want yeah let's just let's just smack
straight into that building the little
one close one okay I'm ready okay
here we go here we go here we go here we
go oh my goodness this car is not very
fast I am catching up all right okay you
want to hit those pets that was kind of
anti-am uh wow that was the least
exciting thing that I have ever seen uh
I think we can how about this oh my my C
yeah my car is pretty broken so uh how
do I I can't believe you've done this
I'm going to hit this stuff I'm going to
hit these uh can we restart I'm going to
hit these things
yeah oh what those don't move either
what's going on
here
no okay I'm going to try and crash a bit
more spectacular oh my goodness I can't
get over this look at my poor wheel
my I'm not in much better shape Alex
yeah uh I think it's time to restart but
this does appear to be working I mean
not well well your performance is poo
poo my well what's your like very good
The Experience mine's about the same
great uh your 1% little half of what
mine
are not that it's a competition except
that it's a competition it's still a
pass yeah we do have to give it a pass
all right
uh I want to try one more thing sure
we're abandoning this yeah okay what are
we going to now uh I don't know I just
want to do something slight L more
interesting sure I'm in a pickup truck
now for some
reason okay free roam grid map
V2 grid map
okay
H how do I just there we go yeah main
menu free roam on the left grid map V2
this guy right here yeah okay and what
do you want uh let's just do the center
the center okay spawn I wonder what car
we have
I I thought there would be like a car
selection
bit oh you press R to restart I
guess perfect
Flawless uh
okay okay so now what uh let's hit
something in a kind of spectacular way
okay just drive straight sure
okay so I have
yeah pretty similar performance yours is
a little bit better but not by much yep
continuing to just floor it here
okay I had a little bit of hitching
there but it's fine oh oh this now we're
going to yeah go big into the air nice
nice nice now how much does a chug when
you land oh not at all
beautiful yeah might had a little bit of
a thingy there that was usable yeah that
was fun that was more usable than my car
is now
mine's very
broken still seems to work what did I
leave behind on the ground here look
like a bumper oh yeah it's just a bumper
and a spare tire yeah or is that one of
my tires that's a spare tire no it's my
spare tire I don't even need that that's
a spare let's jump
again I don't know if I can get enough
speed to jump again I want to try and do
a barrel roll I'll sure
try so what is the point of this game
uh well that's the thing it's mostly
just fun to watch things crash that's
why I was like it's interesting but
maybe not fun got it they're adding more
stuff so there is like a little bit of
kind of structured fun but it's mostly
just like what happens if you jump a
truck right yeah and now you know isn't
like off-roading a big component of it
too yeah there's also off-roading and
you just have to like Drive normally or
you destroy your car yeah there a little
higher stakes and some other Sims got it
I it's lot of fun for like rally racing
I think I'm out of
gas oh yeah you are well how do I press
R barrel
roll oh my God I did a barrel roll nice
I mean you're missing a wheel but yeah
that's fine that's a minor detail yeah
look I can still drive okay why don't we
do yeah two more games two more games
sure let's see another couple
suggestions were 7 Days to Die in War
Thunder there's some other ones that
we'd have to kind of switch drives for 7
Days to Die we got that we have War
Thunder as well I was concerned War
Thunder might require
counts okay let's do seven days to die
yeah maybe we'll just do that one on
Alex's
machine did I see this say ah we're
screwed yeah no easy anti cheat you're
done you're out yeah R 64 CQ not
supported okay here's one what about
like a jackbox game oh yeah like just
you know yeah exact exactly I happen to
have party pack seven so
sure count seven days yes oh yeah seven
days I mean we didn't know it was easy
antiche we're not trying to just like
stack up easy antiche games or anything
we're not trying to make anybody look
good we're not trying to make anybody
look bad we're just trying to get
recommendations from you guys and try
games that would
suck oh apparently you can disable easy
antiche on it
uh 7 Days to Die Play Oh launch without
easy anti okay okay this isn't a fail
yet
then we should probably try
Minecraft H yeah we really should like
the biggest game ever yeah it's also a
fantastic game If we're
honest so should we end it with
Minecraft then sorry should we end it
with Minecraft let's end it with
Minecraft Minecraft Java yeah we know
guys were're working on there's other
ones no there
isn't no just
Java I mean is there a Minecraft other
than
Java no they
exist all right I'm in actually
okay uh uh is it letting you interact
with it call it 18 to 34 did it it it
maxed out at 720p for some reason that's
weird wait what what is it what are
these
resolutions I don't know if this is this
laptop's
fault
uh okay well let's just oh oh oh boy
well is it back oh it's not looking good
that's the same error that we had in m
in uh valheim 7 Days to Die might be a
fail I'm
afraid all
right why is Windows updating to install
the Minecraft launcher it's doing it on
mine too it did it really fast for what
it's
worth do you want to try launching a
jackbox party pack yeah while we
wait cuz this is the kind of thing I
could actually see playing on a plane
you know you got your seatmates you fire
up a jackbox game you'd have enough
battery life to basically play the whole
damn
time I don't know it's working just
bring like a little Linux box yeah put
it in the overhead bring a little Wi-Fi
thing
conect
gock oh is it Cloud hosted yeah is it
Cloud hosted usually the lobbies are
Cloud hosting interesting I live service
game I could be wrong there could be a
way around it I just don't uh what do I
even I don't even know what any of this
is quick lash quick lash quip lash
rather quip lash sure
okay uh play play can you play by
yourself or will it just tell you you're
the saddest person ever you're getting a
lot more FPS than me uh yes wow
join uh people
join oh no we're playing with them yeah
stream join oh
God there's our codes only one lob code
at a time I'll show it for a little bit
all
right uh Chase they like me better they
they haven't seen mine yet just go back
to uh just click Start and then we're
just going to end it we don't want
actually people to see stuff see stuff
well they're just GNA we don't actually
want to play the game because they're
just GNA give really dumb answers oh
yeah yeah that's true I was concerned
about their names mostly got they they
pick their names good good good how do I
start what what stinky
lonus not cool guys not cool all right
how do I start it says press everybody's
in to start the game but I don't see oh
okay oh there we go yeah
sure so yeah maybe just show us and then
we don't have to worry about whatever
the people
say yeah I'm doing that it is
working I'm not showing what's on the
screen okay murder on the high seas what
is mine doing is mine is mine working
hello wrecked points are divid up based
on vote percentage so show no mercy oh
no yeah it's just giving me the
instructions I'm actually ahead of you
ha gotcha oh yeah you are uh write your
answer on your device now okay I
forget um I forget what the question was
it'll it'll show everyone who's playing
on their tab okay but I'm not going to
show it cool okay I mean this just seems
you can show our screens for
now no not in a minute yeah okay wow
your performance is poo poo M oh mine is
right now too oh yeah I have so many
more people in the audience cuz I showed
yours
first this is playable though yeah this
is fine this is a win okay I'm out I
want to see their first answers oh god
well I am going to get Minecraft
downloading in the
meantime oh yeah I
can Minecraft Windows is updating why is
Windows
updating oh and seven days to die is
still open I believe the reason that it
upunch is now of the
Xbox Microsoft
oh my God it just locked my
stupid if you enter
your Microsoft account password twice
wrong Minecraft launcher it locks you
out and I think it actually forces a
password reset too it's extremely
inconvenient that is extremely
inconvenient all right 18 seconds to see
what the people have done was any of it
horrible or can we show it on the screen
we will see
soon oh I am I am very inconvenienced
right now Alex and very
frustrated why did I even try to type it
I should have known
better what these two people joined and
they didn't even submit something come
on guys
to protect you we have temporarily
locked your
account okay these are
boring
wrecked I ala Ford Windows is
updating okay so can I do minacraft on
here uh no you have to download the oh
wait this so
still doing
stuff
oh so I don't want stupid yeah yeah Java
Edition that one good oh yeah Java
Edition okay
yeah install so what's this
doing I'm just going to close
that I'm going to try to recover my
account
nice uh merch messages yeah do you have
any oh there's a couple more incoming
here that I missed let's
see any plans on branching out like this
again and if so what are you excited
about doing next uh they like the car
reviews and the dash
cams oh I mean if you like the dash cam
video I mean it's funny that printer we
actually have because we wanted to do
like a dozen way PR round up and see if
there was any decent printer um and we
didn't get to it CU it was a lot of work
and overwhelming so we want to do things
but sometimes we don't get to do them I
know Alex is very passionate about Car
Projects
um I bought an intake yesterday the
economics of making a YouTube video or
YouTube channel about Car Projects can
be very challenging yes um I I I mean
I'm sure you saw Big Time launch so I
reached out I haven't heard back from
them yet but I reached out to try to
become a sponsor a sponsor yeah cuz I
mean look I know from us doing the math
how challenging what they're doing is um
I wish them nothing but the best and so
if anyone who is associated with big
time is watching right now and wants to
try to get their attention like for the
screwdriver or yeah yeah I'd love to be
their exclusive screwdriver
provider even not exclusive you know
what I don't even care I I'm not even
going to ask for exclusivity let's just
uh let's just say we'll send
screwdrivers and maybe some sponsorship
dollars and you guys can use them if you
like them how about
that but I'm super
down I'm just getting a spinning wheel
on
Minecraft no way no Minecraft do you
know the account
info this this seems like a Windows
problem not a qualcom problem yet TR
PR a
little uh do you want to do
that you could also try just giving it a
reboot like the Windows store um I like
the machine because if it's if it's
doing like a Windows update or something
like that maybe it's a little confus
ulated oh it says play now
oh wow
what is this that's Bedrock version this
is bedrock why does it say Java and
Bedrock if I'm in
Bedrock where's actual
Minecraft so uh Bedrock seems to work
you want to put my screen up
yeah uh
so this this is a Thing If you go to
games they probably install them
separately on the Xbox store I think
that's how it
works keep showing
your
uh L got a merch message here hey so I
have my wardrobe basically LT is there
any update on the pants oh uh we are
working on it uh soon they should be on
Route pretty
quickly um I believe they are already
like in mass production now okay I just
reset my password and it is not letting
me into my account with the new password
so I think I give up for now because
this is just such a piece of garbage
that because you playing the
demo
uh doesn't have Game Pass it's not going
to work oh yeah this account probably
doesn't own Minecraft yeah probably not
I mean you managed to launch the
like yeah but no one cares about Bedrock
well kids
do kids play Bedrock Al no yeah yeah
they
doic yeah that's the one you can play on
iPad and stuff any of the kids that are
cool are definitely on Java okay so you
are you are the decider of who which
kids are cool now uh what does your son
play Java exactly
well I mean it's not that black and
white is all I'm saying he's a child and
he plays Java he also uses a
c Ultra cool yeah he he knows what he's
doing he's like installing mod right
he's kind of a nerd so there's
that my kid right like what do you
expect let's try a Minecraft launcher
again uh something grandom says open
Minecraft launcher there's a demo for
Java
oh starting installation open Minecraft
launcher what even is this they wrapped
the game in a launcher now and it's very
confusing it does allow you to install
the various versions in one place which
is kind of nice I Googled open Minecraft
launcher and it's just all results for
how to like open the Minecraft launcher
so that's not helpful
I no no no I I'm I give up on this
machine I'm over it now that my
account's broken waiting for install to
begin okay
whatever uh merch messages uh it's going
to take a while not really mostly just
asking to play
games no I am Bedrock
player I'm sorry for you blocked oh my
goodness you guys what they're trying to
say is if Al get
my float plane chat keeps crashing I
think it just maxes
out just maxes
out Minecraft
launcher yeah you got to buy it there's
your
problem yeah we're still just waiting
for install to begin I okay go there
though all right go back to yeah do you
have to buy it for the install to begin
though like is it prompting you to buy
it I could try something yeah do you
want to try something sure come try
something
chase and I'll talk about the ridge yeah
yeah they sponsored this stream
today with their uh it was Voodoo green
yes yes with their Voodoo green and uh I
think it's called Island
yeah Tropic
tropical is it cold Island whatever they
have cool new yeah tropical yeah
tropical and Voodoo green and you can
get them like with carbon fiber in a
green accent or just green and you can
get it with like flowers or like little
parrots and other more flowers and
little huts and stuff and sailboats and
they're a Vibe and you can check them
out you can use code Linus to get 10%
off and free shipping we're going to
have that linked down below oh installer
arm 64
four oh what for this one oh no way yeah
okay we'll do that one
sorry no
way keep
keep keep
anyway should work more info run
anywayz yep that's how you know you're
getting the good stuff
yeah yeah oh man uh Canadian English yep
y um uh oh well we don't have
any oh my goodness of java so you have
to go get Java well this is
convenient it is but yeah we're working
on prism launcher guys we're on
it oh my
gods oh my god oh yeah do we need to
install Java
yeah what are we on Windows uh windows
architecture arm arm 64 is that just
this one yeah arm yeah
okay any uhoh yeah it might not be uhoh
available all right uh try x64 I guess
all right
sure yeah oh that seems like a long
shot we'll give it a shot it's okay
okay we're just going to install to see
if it works we're going to install x86
Java sure
whoever said play cyber Punk we did yeah
it worked okayish okayish we gave it
half a
point half a
point you can have half points adds up
to one point I think that's what we did
I'm Prett sure we've been
counting sure oh someone asked for steam
VR steamr yeah no
I I did bring a headset over here in our
in our bin of crap to try
no I also brought over a racing wheel
detected it where would that have
installed I have no idea yeah that's
that's rough not the desktop that's for
sure
Fu jeez yeah I'm not
sure it's probably
in hey Alex have you ever played
satisfactory uh I have not played
satisfactory there it is oh we found it
the refresh we found it yeah
okay um who has an account uh I do don't
show
this I mean I have an account I can't
get into it okay I'll do my
account I also have an account okay
let's see uh I'm already doing mine all
right am I just straight up not able to
get into my Microsoft account anymore
this is
good it doesn't even matter because I
have to do a
code what else are people saying City
skylines 2 we tried number one they work
just
fine uh they want us to play calculator
I can verify that that is known good
Skyrim played that it works
okayish uh I I am seeing a fair bit of
satisfactory
requests valheim didn't work whoever
asked for
that I am just straight up locked out of
my hot mail account now which is super
cool okay well it's getting the assets
so hopefully it
works I guess should we tell people to
stop asking for stuff we're drawing
Minecraft as the finale yes that'll be
the last big
one
chair what what's up with the chair oh
yeah that's fun it's part of the rug
now okay I resetting my password again
come
on you know you want to do it you good
thing I think it's just taking a while
because those files are like it has to
get them Microsoft
servers uh Gary's Mod we tried it worked
mostly tape to tape we tried it did not
work at
all yeah that was a bummer yeah it's a
good game and I wanted him to try it and
now he's not trying
it uh Master Chief Collection just
straight up didn't work at all right n
that was a mess
yeah
[Music]
oh hey Dan do you want to put the thingy
up
uh sure yeah let's see where are
we yeah that sounds about
right this ISS the moment of truth will
we have the Minecraft proper Edition
will it be 18 of
34 you can even load up the
log do you want to load up the log uh
how way you can view it if you right
click on the
1.21 and the
the launcher
there yeah do you want to do this yeah
maybe
it's if you go edit yeah you can see
what what it's doing right
now so it's just stuck
loading uh
oh uhoh
yeah I don't know
yeah I'm going to look at their
compatibility list and see if it's on
there that's
fair I mean In fairness because we had
to get a Java from a third party and it
might not like it in fairness you did
get bedrock going yeah Bedrock did
work so maybe that could be a half a
point I know how you feel about Bedrock
but a lot of people do play Bedrock
yeah look I
know I don't know I booted it up once
and then saw that it was all
microtransactions and was like what I
don't know what mine is doing right now
because I own Minecraft and it's
prompting me to buy it so I just can't
even right now Microsoft is so great
yeah this is do I own this game and do I
have a subscription what are you talking
about yes I own this game how many I I
have dungeons too I played it with my
kids so this one might be half a
point you go
to someone in the chat there's a way to
get like an arch 64 version of the yeah
this is I'm not we're not going to get
Arch 64 whatever that's that's beyond
the skills of most average Minecraft
yeah this is not looking like it's going
okay In fairness the skills of the
average Minecraft person is like pretty
high cuz it's so nonsens to get like the
simplest of mods working that's fair
enough actually still we're not saying
conclusively it doesn't work we're just
not saying conclusively that it does
that is for sure and also In fairness we
couldn't get it working on our Intel
system either because Microsoft are
buttheads yeah it doesn't know that I
own it for some reason all right are we
finishing with banana last
game last game here we
go all right yeah I need to get
it yeah believe it or not it's not a
super um big download shocking I've
heard that there's hours and hours of
gameplay okay ready Oh no you're yeah
you're still getting it okay I'm
ready let's see what we
get is it going to
work oh it's maybe with unity that's
actually not a good sign
oh can you full screen it settings full
screen oh res oh my God it crashed what
no way you can't play Banana can I not
play
Banana here I am earning bananas and
you're not even earning bananas
wait I'm clicking oh there we go I can
play
Banana a my old man carpal tunnel I'm
going to pass
you no you're
not I'm overow
it I think I did it did I do it
I definitely did it
ha all right but can I change my
resolution
um no I get one siiz
banana
nice all right I thank you guys very
much for tuning in to this stream
um I don't know how often we're going to
do stuff like this but I enjoyed it I
learned a lot I think
what do we end up with 17 and a half out
of 34 games 18 and a half 18 and a half
out of 35 with banana 52.85
7% all right in conclusion All Things
Considered damn that's a lot more than
you can do with an M silicon computer
yeah right and you get the battery life
yeah are you willing to give up half
your games for double the battery
life it's all about the framing right
yeah like if your expectation is like oh
yeah I'm going to like game on this
machine or whatever like yeah no you're
going to be pretty disappointed it's
even in the ones that got a pass the
performance often was donkey ass mhm uh
we're late enough in the Stream I figure
not too many people who are undedicated
or watching uh but if you if you if you
frame it as this is a super energy
efficient laptop that I'm going to do
work on and I'm going to do mostly
things in Chrome yeah and by the way
there are some games that will run
yeah you can play balers Gate 3 we
didn't test that but I can tell you that
has an arm native version runs
great yeah I'm I'm I'm honestly kind of
stoked I saw Wendell uploaded a video I
think either today or yesterday where he
was mad about something about Snapdragon
X Elite so I've got to watch that still
I don't know what it was um but what I
suspect is that Wendel's expectations
are quite
High um
reasonable but High I expect Wendell
expects things to be done properly and I
suspect not everything was done properly
um having like CPU temps and power info
would be really cool yeah yeah that
should be that should be done
but I'm I'm pretty stoked I think the I
think the month-long challenge with
these is not going to be that painful n
it's going to be fine not as painful as
uh the setup and execution of this
stream guys this was way more difficult
than you probably realize uh thank you
team for making this happen and I will
see you guys later